Well, the streets are empty where we used to run, And the cars are all on fire Yeah, we fall like leaves in the garden of Eden, Eden Now remember how it felt being in the sun, when I heard the ancient choir And the dead of night like an angel singing, singing  'Cause time doesn't love you anymore But I-I-I I'm still knocking at your door Honey we can run forever, if forever it's what's install Oh, time to take me home  On a tree in the garden I carved your name, An word is spelled desire! Like an ocean deep with the waters even, even And the love pours down like a waterfall, and I can't escape the tide Here's my hand, baby take it or leave it, leave it  'Cause time doesn't love you anymore, But I-I-I I'm still knocking at your door Honey we can run forever, if forever it's what's install Oh, time to take me home-ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh  Now we're too young to recognize Nothing stays the same Promise I won't be the one to blame!  'Cause time doesn't love you anymore, But I-I-I I'm still knocking at your door Honey we can run forever, if forever it's what's install Oh, time doesn't love you like I love you! So take me home-ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh Let me hear you say, let me hear you say 
And every single year I'm drowning in my tears, I'm drowning in my tears again I can't seem to forget the pain I seem to give The pain I seem to give, my friend And every single year I'm drowning in my tears, I'm drowning in my tears again I can't seem to forget the pain I seem to give The pain I seem to give, my friend  Woah, oh, woah, oh Woah, oh, woah, oh Woah, oh, woah, oh Woah, oh, woah, oh Woah, oh, woah, oh  And every single year I'm drowning in my tears, I'm drowning in my tears again I can't seem to forget the pain I seem to give The pain I seem to give, my friend Woah, oh And every single year I'm drowning in my tears, I'm drowning in my tears again Woah, oh I can't seem to forget the pain I seem to give The pain I seem to give, my friend Woah, oh, woah, oh, woah, oh  And every single year I'm drowning in my tears, I'm drowning in my tears again I can't seem to forget the pain I seem to give The pain I seem to give, my friend Woah, oh 
When we were young We were the ones The kings and queens Oh yeah we ruled the world We smoked cigarettes Man no regrets Wish I could relive Every single word  We've taken different paths and traveled different roads I know we'll always end up on the same one when we're old And when you're in the trenches and you're under fire I will cover you  If I was dying on my knees You would be the one to rescue me And if you were drowned at sea I'd give you my lungs so you could breathe  I've got you brother I've got you brother I've got you brother I've got you brother  Oh brother, we go deeper than the ink Beneath the skin of our tattoos Though we don't share the same blood You're my brother and I love you, that's the truth  We're living different lives, heaven only knows If we'll make it back with all our fingers and our toes 5 years, 20 years come back, we'll always be the same  If I was dying on my knees You would be the one to rescue me And if you were drowned at sea I'd give you my lungs so you could breathe  I've got you brother I've got you brother  And if we hit on troubled water I'll be the one to keep you warm and safe And we'll be carrying each other Until we say goodbye on our dying day  Because I've got you brother I've got you brother I've got you brother I've got you brother  If I was dying on my knees You would be the one to rescue me And if you were drowned at sea I'd give you my lungs so you could breathe  I've got you brother I've got you brother 
Time's been ticking, hearts are runnin' Think that Cupid's up to somethin' You asked me how I feel, I say nothin' But lately color seems so bright And the stars light up the night My feet they feel so light I'm ignoring all the signs  I keep on frontin' Yeah I stay bluffin' I keep you wonderin', keep you huntin' for my lovin' But I crave us huggin' Yeah I stay stubborn 'Cause I can't admit that you got got all the strings And know just how to tug 'em  I think I'm in love again (My head, yeah you're in my head) I think I'm in love again (My head, yeah you're in my head) I didn't think it could be true Let alone that it would be you I think I'm in love again (I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love)  My heart's pacin', I'm confused, I'm dazin' I saw something I never seen in you, it's got me shakin' I must be halucinatin' I hear it happens, I'm just sayin' Babe I'm just sayin'  Someone give me some paper Someone give me some crayons I'm feeling like a child I need something to play on I'm trying hard to trust you when you say "give me a hand" Baby I'm fallin', I hope you catch me when I land  I think I'm in love again (My head, yeah you're in my head) I think I'm in love again (My head, yeah you're in my head) I didn't think it could be true Let alone that it would be you I think I'm in love again (I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love)  In my dreams you're the dutch and I'm the dutchess And your blunts are always loose so I'm in charge of rollin' dutches And we getting so high, we always get the munchies And we go for early brunches that turn into late lunches And we ain't gotta label, we're just rollin' with the punches I make fun of your belly and tell you do some crunches And you say "Yeah well your ass jiggles, go and do some lunges" I say "Fuck you" while I'm thinking of you as my husband I think I'm in love  I think I'm in love again (My head, yeah you're in my head) Baby I think I'm in love again I think I'm in love again (My head, yeah you're in my head) I didn't think it could be true Let alone that it would be you I think I'm in love again (I'm in love, I'm in love, I'm in love) I think I'm in love again 
I could have beer for breakfast My sanity for lunch Trying to get over how bad I want you so much Innocence for dinner Pour something in my cup Anything and everything just to fill me up  But nothing ever gets me high like this I pick my poison and it's you Nothing could kill me like you do You're going straight to my head And I'm heading straight for the edge I pick my poison and it's you I pick my poison and it's you  I can feel you whisper And laying on the floor And I try to stop but I keep on coming back for more I'm a lightweight, and I know it Cause after the first time I was falling Falling now  But nothing ever gets me high like this I pick my poison and it's you Nothing could kill me like you do You're going straight to my head And I'm heading straight for the edge I pick my poison and it's you I pick my poison and it's you  This bittersweet ecstasy that you got me in Falling deep I can't sleep tonight And you make me feel like I'm out of my mind But it's all right, it's all right, it's all right This bittersweet ecstasy that you got me in Falling deep I can't sleep tonight And you make me feel like I'm out of my mind Oh, but it's all right, it's all right, it's all right  Cause nothing ever gets me high like this I pick my poison and it's you Nothing could kill me like you do You're going straight to my head And I'm heading straight for the edge (I'm heading straight for the edge) I pick my poison and it's you (Oh it's you) I pick my poison and it's you And it's you Yeah, yeah, yeah  I pick my poison and it's you 
Rachel: Hey, hey So many things to do and say But I can't seem to find the way But I wanna know how I know I'm meant for something else But first I gotta find myself But I don't know how  Rachel with Finn: Oh, why do I reach for the stars When I don't have wings to carry me that far?  I gotta have roots before branches To know who I am Before I know who I wanna be And faith to take chances To live like I see A place in this world for me Ohh, hey  Rachel (Finn): Sometimes I don't wanna feel (Sometimes I don't wanna feel) And forget the pain is real (And forget the pain is real) Put my head in the clouds (Ohh, ooh) Oh, I start to run and then I fall (Start to run and then I fall) Thinking I can't get it all (Thinking I can't get it all) Without my feet on the ground (Ohh, ooh)  Rachel with Finn: There's always a seed before there's a rose The more that it rains, the more I will grow  I gotta have roots before branches To know who I am Before I know who I wanna be And faith to take chances To live like I see A place in this world for me Ohh, ohh  Rachel: Whatever comes, I know how to take it Learn to be strong, I won't have to fake it Oh, you're understandin' Oh, but we can come and do what's best There won't be north and south, east and west But I'll still be standing I'm standing  Rachel with New Directions: If I have roots before branches To know who I am (To know who I am) Before I know who I'm gonna be And faith, ooh, to take chances To live like I see A place in this world  I gotta have roots before branches To know who I am Before I know who I wanna be And faith to take chances And live like I see A place in this world for me  Rachel: I gotta have Roots before branches 
When you're dreaming with a broken heart  The waking up is the hardest part You roll out of bed and down on your knees And for the moment you can hardly breathe Wondering  Was she really here? Is she standing in my room? No she's not 'Cause she's gone, gone, gone, gone, gone  When you're dreaming with a broken heart The giving up is the hardest part She takes you in with her crying eyes Then all at once, you have to say goodbye Wondering  Could you stay, my love? And will you wake up by my side? No she can't 'Cause she's gone, gone, gone, gone, gone  Now do I have to fall asleep with roses in my hand? Do I have to fall asleep with roses in my hand? Do I have to fall asleep with roses in my hand? And would you get them if I did? No you won't 'Cause you're gone, gone, gone, gone, gone  When you're dreaming with a broken heart The waking up is the hardest part 
You make my heart spin sorrow into silk You make me sleep like a young child with warm milk 
Every night in my dreams I see you, I feel you That is how I know you Go on  Far across the distance And spaces between us You have come to show you Go on  Near Far Wherever you are I believe that The heart does go on Once more You open the door And you're here in my heart And my heart will go on and on  Love can touch us one time And last for a lifetime And never let go 'Till we're gone  Love was when I loved you One true time I hold to In my life we'll always Go on  Near Far Wherever you are I believe that The heart does go on Once more You open the door And you're here in my heart And my heart will go on and on  You're here There's nothing I fear And I know that My heart will go on We'll stay Forever this way You are safe in my heart And my heart will go on and on 
And all I am is a man I want the world in my hands I hate the beach but I stand In California with my toes in the sand  Use the sleeves of my sweater Let's have an adventure Head in the clouds but my gravity's centered Touch my neck and I'll touch yours You in those little high-waisted shorts, oh  She knows what I think about And what I think about One love, two mouths One love, one house No shirt, no blouse Just us, you find out Nothing that I wouldn't wanna tell you about, no  'Cause it's too cold For you here And now So let me hold Both your hands in the holes of my sweater  And if I may just take your breath away I don't mind if there's not much to say Sometimes the silence guides our minds So move to a place so far away  The goosebumps start to race The minute that my left hand meets your waist And then I watched your face Put my finger on your tongue 'Cause you love to taste, yeah  These hearts adore Everyone the other beats' heart is for Inside this place is warm Outside it starts to pour  Coming down One love, two mouths One love, one house No shirt, no blouse Just us, you find out Nothing that I wouldn't wanna tell you about No no no  'Cause it's too cold For you here And now So let me hold Both your hands in the holes of my sweater  'Cause it's too cold For you here And now So let me hold Both your hands in the holes of my sweater Whoa  Whoa, whoa... whoa Whoa, whoa... whoa Whoa, whoa... Whoa, whoa... whoa Whoa, whoa...  'Cause it's too cold For you here And now So let me hold Both your hands in the holes of my sweater  It's too cold For you here And now Let me hold Both your hands in the holes of my sweater  It's too cold, it's too cold The holes of my sweater 
Ended up on a crossroad Try to figure out which way to go It's like you're stuck on a treadmill Running in the same place You got your hazard lights on now Hoping that somebody would slow down Praying for a miracle Who'll show you grace? Had a couple dollars and a quarter tank of gas With a long journey ahead Seen a truck pull over God sent an angel to help you out He gave you direction Showed you how to read a map With a long journey ahead Said it ain't over Oh, even in the midst of doubt  Life is worth living Life is worth living, so live another day The meaning of forgiveness People make mistakes, doesn't mean you have to give in Life is worth living again  Relationship on a ski slope Avalanche comin' down slow Do we have enough time to salvage this love? Feels like a blizzard in April 'Cause my heart is just that cold Skating on thin ice But it's strong enough to hold us up Seen her scream and holler Put us both on blast Tearing each other down When I thought it was over God sent us an angel to help us out He gave us direction, showed us how to make it last For that long journey ahead Said it ain't ever over Oh, even in the midst of doubt  Life is worth living Life is worth living, so live another day The meaning of forgiveness People make mistakes, doesn't mean you have to give in Life is worth living again Life is worth living again  What I'd give for my affection Is a different perception From what the world may see They try to crucify me I ain't perfect, won't deny My reputation's on the line So I'm working on a better me  Life is worth living Life is worth living, so live another day The meaning of forgiveness People make mistakes Only God can judge me Life is worth living again Another day Life is worth living again 
What goes around comes back around  Hey, my baby What goes around comes back around Hey, my baby I say, what goes around comes back around Hey, my baby What goes around comes back around  There was a time I thought that you did everything right No lies, no wrong Boy, I must've been outta my mind  So when I think of the time that I Almost loved you You showed your ass and I I saw the real you Thank God you blew it I thank God I dodged a bullet I'm so over you So baby, good luck getting out  I wanted you bad I'm so through with it 'Cause honestly you turned out to be the (Best thing I never had) You turned out to be the (Best thing I never had) And I'm gon' always be the (Best thing you've never had) Oh, yeah I bet it sucks to be you right now  So sad, you're hurt Boo hoo, oh, did you expect me to care? You don't deserve my tears I guess that's why they ain't there When I think that there was a time That I almost loved you You showed your ass And baby, yes, I saw the real you  Thank God you blew it I thank God I dodged a bullet I'm so over you Baby, good luck getting out  I wanted you bad I'm so through with it 'Cause honestly you turned out to be the (Best thing I never had) Said, you turned out to be the (Best thing I never had) Hmm, and I'll never be the (Best thing you've never had) Oh baby, I bet Sucks to be you right now  I know you want me back It's time to face the facts That I'm the one who's got away Lord knows that it would take Another place, another time Another world, another life Thank God I found the good in goodbye  I used to want you so bad So through with that 'Cause honestly you turned out to be the (Best thing I never had) Oh, you turned out to be the (Best thing I never had) And I will always be the (Best thing you never had) (Best thing you never had) Ooh best thing you never had  I used to want you so bad I'm so through with that 'Cause honestly you turned out to be the (Best thing I never had) Oh, you turned out to be the (Best thing I never had) Oh, I will never be the (Best thing you never had) Oh, baby I bet it sucks to be you right now  What goes around comes back around What goes around comes back around (I bet it sucks to be you right now)  What goes around comes back around (I bet it sucks to be you right now) What goes around comes back around (I bet it sucks to be you right now) 
Unfortunately, we are not licensed to display the full lyrics for this song at the moment. Hopefully we will be able to in the future. Until then... how about a random page? 
(MANNIE FRESH: Talking) (Lil Wayne) Look'a here... (Umm-hmm...) This how we gon' do this... Hook up the turntables, Wolfe, get on the keyboard... And we gon' run it, ya heard...  (Mannie, baby, & wayne) (**Talking**)  (GIRL) Cash Money... Cash Money... Cash Money... Cash Money...  (LIL' WAYNE and BABY: Verse 1) (Lil' wayne) Now let me slide in the Benz with the fished out fins, Hit the mall with my girlfriends, dish out ends. Cause you know it ain't trickin' if you got it, Cop baby girl what she desire, it's chump change mama. Marijuana Scholar... Knowin' what I got up in my styrofoam cup? That purple stuff. It was givin' to me at birth to stunt. So that's why I cop the Bentley with the leather and the fur in the guts.  (BABY of Big Tymers) (Ay, Ay, Ay..) Hold on, mami! Them whips on dubs. Cadillac truck, twenty-eights, no rubs. Slide in the Benz, fins, bubble-eye lens, Car show in New York, Y'all know who wins! It's the birdman, daddy, with the Gucci and Prada, Slant-back, cut truck. No rims? Can't holla. It's that Louie/Fendi on Ostrich streets, It's the tailer-made daddy, Mami, do you love me?  (TQ: Hook (Mannie Fresh)) Baby, I'ma a stunna... (Oh! Oh! Oh!) I ain't gon' change it... (I told y'all...) Don't - you - know, It's a way of liffeee... (I told y'all...) Mama, do you want it? 'Cause I'm about to break it, (I told y'all...) Ooh, baby... Can't stop the stuntin', No, no... (Bring back that beat...)  (BABY and LIL' WAYNE: Verse 2) (BABY of Big Tymers) Pop one, pop two... Them new Nike shoes, Royal blue Jag on them twenty-two's. Flip white to green, 500 Degreez, In that Cadillac truck on them twenty-three's. I'm the boss of the game with the money and fame, All these naked women that pop champagne. And these marble floors stay high as Rick James, If you know my name, then you know my game.  (Lil' wayne) It's lil' whodi from the hot block with ser'ous flow, Gotta get dough, cause y'all won't feel me, bro. But y'all don't here me tho... Till I'm rollin' down my window and my grill-ie show. And you know I'm prolly pumpin' through the hood on the twenty-fo's, Word! Rims pokin' out the side of the 'ERV, Glock have ya ribs pokin' out the side of ya shirt. I'm a seventeenth nigga and I ride for the turf. Whoo!  (TQ: Hook (Mannie Fresh)) Baby, I'ma a stunna... (I told y'all...) I ain't gon' change it... Don't - you - know, It's a way of liffeee... (I told y'all...) Mama, do you want it? 'Cause I'm about to break it, Ooh, baby... Can't stop the stuntin', No, no...  (LIL' WAYNE and BABY: Verse 3) (LIL' WAYNE) Ay... And my pinky glow... Cause my ring is so... Blingy-blingy, yo... Stop blinkin' though... We smoke - stinky, stinky dro, And we don't cop them ency-wency O's, And we don't stop. Nah! We blow, fuck the peo-ple! Everywhere we go, we smell like E-yo. The birdman my paw, so that make me go... "Flly like an eagle!" Fo' sheezo!  (BABY (Lil Wayne)) They think 'cause I stay at English Turn, That Stunna don't have a O - Z to burn, (Light it up!) I go in each sto' and ball like a dog, Me and my nig's, we ball like a dog. Cars on the streets, all on our lawn. Ice in my teeths, all on my arm. Tat's in my face, my back, and my arm. (What?)  (Lil' wayne) Tat's in MY face, my back, and my arm.  (TQ: Hook) Baby, I'ma a stunna... I ain't gon' change it... Don't - you - know, It's a way of liffeee... Mama, do you want it? 'Cause I'm about to break it, Ooh, baby... Can't stop the stuntin', No, no...  (MANNIE FRESH: Talking) Yep!... There it is!.. ya' lil' low-life... See, I'm a pro - fessional. You a rookie. Fuckin' game so serious... I could sell a hooker some pussy... Now, that's some serious shit... Oh, yeah! Bel'ieve that! Who we rollin' wit? We rollin' wit Cash Money! Oh, I forgot about "peace"! PEEACE! I mean... "Piece" of pussy, "Piece" of land, "Piece" of property... It's just a mind game... 
Stop messing with my insides I'm out of control I always end up feeling I'm digging my hole  You always came a-knocking Shouting your rights You've taken it all Now it's my turn to fight  We always played this game Overshadowed my mind No more these crazy ways You're finished this time  Tough luck - you did all for nothing Keep your hate inside Tough luck - you did all the running A mean destructive mind  How does it feel to be lonely And screaming for help I know you're so restless Not a slip of your mask  A world without fear I'm thankfully free Now nothing to stop For me being me  My turn to play the game I'm free in my mind You've had your freedom-days But now I've got mine 
This is the starting of my greatest fear I'm all packed up, getting out of here But then you call and tell me not to go That I'm the one who put the rock 'n' roll In your life  This is the starting of a brand new day Never liked this town much anyway I need this city like I need the rain I know that somewhere there's a north bound train  Oh, I'll make it without you Make it without you Though my body's laying here It's my mouth that must be lying now  This is the starting of my fall from grace My self esteem, oh, it's seen better days But you know I'll never let this go to waste I'll keep this memory on the map I trace Back to home  Friends go out, but I've been staying in I know I should, but that's the way it's been I never cared much for the taste of gin Still don't now, oh, but it's been helping  Oh, I'll make it without you In my life Oh, I'll make it without you Though my body's laying here It's my mouth that must be lying now It's my mouth that must be lying now  Oh, I... Oh, I'll make it without you Oh, I... Oh, I'll make it without you Oh, I... Oh, I'll make it without you  Though my body's laying here It's my mouth that must be lying now 
Oh no, did I get too close Oh, did I almost see What's really on the inside  All your insecurities All the dirty laundry Never made me blink one time  Unconditional Unconditionally I will love you  Unconditionally  There is no fear now Let go and just be free I will love you Unconditionally  Come just as you are to me Don't need apologies Know that you are all worthy  I'll take your bad days with your good Walk through the storm I would I do it all because I love you I love you  Unconditional Unconditionally I will love you  Unconditionally  There is no fear now Let go and just be free I will love you Unconditionally  So open up your heart and just let it begin Open up your heart and just let it begin Open up your heart and just let it begin Open up your heart  Acceptance is the key to be To be truly free Will you do the same for me  Unconditional Unconditionally I will love you  Unconditionally, yeah  There is no fear now Let go and just be free 'Cause I will love you Unconditionally, oh yeah  I will love you Unconditionally I will love you I will love you  Unconditionally 
Hello? What you doin'? Laying in a bikini You straight? Yeah, I'm okay. What are you doing? I'm in the studio  Ooh ah, love yourself Take no chances, fuck that nigga I say ooh, ah Ooh ah, love yourself Take no chances, fuck that nigga I say ooh, ah  Stop lying No 
There isn't nothing, I saw a something I saw a flicker of all that you were And the words did not say what your face did say  You are a tiger, always a tiger You found stillness of old from somewhere And the silence did cover your eyes that night  I want to tell, it's already tomorrow, tomorrow.   Call it an ending, call it a nothing It's done and it's done for now. love It drifted away away like a piece of cloud.   I want to tell you, it's already tomorrow, tomorrow.  I want to tell you, there isn't nothing, there isn't nothing 
Love ridden, I've looked at you With the focus I gave to my birthday candles I've wished on the lidded blue flames Under your brow And baby, I wished for you Nobody sees when you are lying in your bed And I wanna crawl in with you But I cry instead I want your warm, but it will only make Me colder when it's over So I can't tonight, baby  No, not "baby" anymore - if I need you I'll just use your simple name Only kisses on the cheek from now on And in a little while, we'll only have to wave  My hand won't hold you down no more The path is clear to follow through I stood too long in the way to the door And now I'm giving up on you  No, not "baby" anymore - if I need you I'll just use your simple name Only kisses on the cheek from now on And in a little while, we'll only have to wave  No, not "baby" anymore - if I need you I'll just use your simple name Only kisses on the cheek from now on And in a little while, we'll only have to wave 
Summer has come and passed, the innocent can never last Wake me up when September ends Like my father's come to pass, seven years has gone so fast Wake me up when September ends  Here comes the rain again, falling from the stars Drenched in my pain again, becoming who we are As my memory rests, but never forgets what I lost Wake me up when September ends  Summer has come and passed, the innocent can never last Wake me up when September ends Ring out the bells again, like we did when spring began Wake me up when September ends  Here comes the rain again, falling from the stars Drenched in my pain again, becoming who we are As my memory rests, but never forgets what I lost Wake me up when September ends  Summer has come and passed, the innocent can never last Wake me up when September ends Like my father's come to pass, twenty years has gone so fast Wake me up when September ends  Wake me up when September ends Wake me up when September ends 
Members Only, Volume... Volume 3 Uh  Won't fall my nigga, I slip not Won't fall my nigga, I slip not Won't fall my nigga, I slip not I won't be dead, misled ahead, I never break, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not Won't fall my nigga, I slip not, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not I won't be dead, misled ahead, I never break, uh  Lost in the pessimistic state of perception It's been hard to participate in natural instances And due to my history, I don't know what's next for me But keep my composure, fuck over anyone next to me If dean detriment told me love was for negligent Motherfuckers that can't seem to keep wearin' their head I'm not self-aware, I'm misled, I'm a hypocrite like the rest I will kill myself if it benefit all of my fucking friends I'm sorry mama, I didn't mean to fucking hurt you If I could test my worth, I'll show you heaven on this earth So if alive or in the dirt I swear to God, you'll be my first priority Before the hurt, that mean for better or for worse I said I didn't mean to fucking hurt you If I had to test my worth, I'll show you heaven on this earth So if alive or in the dirt I swear to God, you'll be my first priority Before the hurt, that mean for better or for worse I said  Won't fall my nigga, I slip not, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not I won't be dead, misled ahead, I never break, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not I won't be dead, misled ahead, I never break, uh  Through the soulless pit, I never slip, I get a grip My mind drift to a place, where the devil lives My soul rise to the sky, made of abyss With the evidence, that I made with the elements Fuck your settlement, let's settle this now We tearing it down, we make these incredible sounds We cherish them now The pain that was never announced, we singin' it out They look around confused like they ain't figure it out  Oh, you can't run away From everything you made You try to erase Memories will fade 
I know you so well, so well I mean, I can do anything that he can I've been pretty...  I know you're somewhere, somewhere I've been trapped in my mind, girl, just holdin' on I don't wanna pretend we're somethin', we're nothin' I've been stuck thinkin' 'bout her, I can't hold on  I'm in pain, wanna put 10 shots in my brain I've been trippin' 'bout some things, can't change Suicidal, same time I'm tame Picture this, in bed, get a phone call Girl that you fucked with killed herself That was this summer and nobody helped And ever since then, man, I hate myself Wanna fuckin' end it, pessimistic All wanna see me with no pot to piss in But niggas been excited 'bout the grave I'm diggin' Havin' conversations 'bout my haste decisions Fuckin' sickenin'; at the same time Memories surface through the grapevine 'Bout my uncle playin' with a slip knot Post-traumatic stress got me fucked up Been fucked up since the couple months they had a nigga locked up  I'll be feelin' pain, I'll be feelin' pain just to hold on And I don't feel the same, I'm so numb I'll be feelin' pain, I'll be feelin' pain just to hold on And I don't feel the same, I'm so numb  I know you so well I mean, I can do anything that he can I've been pretty... I know you so well 
Simone: Maybe I'm just crazy, maybe I'm a fool Maybe I don't know how to love but maybe I do Maybe you know more than me but this much is true This little heart and brain of mine say, we're through with you  Emmalyn: And I wonder, does it blow your mind That I'm leaving you far behind? I wonder, does it stop your heart to know You're not my sunshine, anymore?  All: Okay, you're pretty, your face is a work of art Your smile could light up New York City after dark Okay, you're cover boy pretty, stamped with a beauty mark But it's such a pity, a boy so pretty with an ugly heart  Lauren: Maybe you'll get married and she will kiss your feet While I give all my rides away, I won't lose no sleep Maybe on your honeymoon, you'll think of me But if you don't won't shed a tear, yeah, I can guarantee  Natasha: And I wonder, does it blow your mind That I'm leaving you far behind? I wonder, does it stop your heart to know You're not my sunshine, anymore?  All: Okay, you're pretty, your face is a work of art Your smile could light up New York City after dark Okay, you're cover boy pretty, stamped with a beauty mark But it's such a pity, a boy so pretty (Emmalyn: Woah, with an ugly heart) With an ugly heart  Paula: Okay, you're pretty, your face is a work of art Your smile could probably light up New York after dark Okay, you're cover boy pretty, stamped with a beauty mark But it's such a pity, a boy so pretty with  Natasha: An uh-, an uh-, an ugly heart  Emmalyn: An uh-, an uh-, an ugly heart  Simone: So...  All: Okay, you're pretty, your face is a work of art Your smile could light up New York City after dark Okay, you're cover boy pretty, stamped with a beauty mark But it's such a pity, a boy so pretty (Emmalyn: Woah, with an ugly heart) With an ugly heart  Okay, you're pretty, your face is a work of art Your smile could light up New York City after dark Okay, you're cover boy pretty, stamped with a beauty mark But it's such a pity, a boy so pretty with an ugly heart 
Moment of clarity I am willing to suffer, To bleed-to die for the things I care about But it's like kissing the lips of my dead love- Like touching her dead cold white skin  I choose to look back- To see myself I never wanted to hurt you again I choose to look back- To see myself I never wanted to lose you again  I have been here before, ground zero The past is a gaping hole  My only chance is to turn around and face it I choose to look back to see myself- For her love For her heart For her trust For her love I'm reborn...  I choose to look back- To see myself I never wanted to hurt you again I choose to look back- To see myself I never wanted to lose you again 
I'll kiss your mouth And swallow you whole Been holding my claim Like an old 49ers Wayward and skinny For dust in the wound For that holy water coming down  Out of our way now We're going for gold Been holding our claim Just like old 49ers Out of the city And into this room For that holy water coming down On you and me Water coming down  Lay me down Tell me I've been found 'Cause I've been drinking from the flood Wayward and skinny For dust in the wound For that holy water coming down Holy water Holy water coming down  'Cause I've been drinking from the flood Out where no one gets enough I should have known right from the start This is the aching we've been hearing of  So yes I'm gonna Lay you down So tell me you've been found You knew what I was coming for Went out of the city And into this room For that holy water coming down Holy water Sweet water Holy water coming down 
Ice on my neck, flawless baguettes Hop off a jet, barely get rest Cash through the month, I get a check Yves Saint Laurent on my pants and my chest Chanel, her dress Clean up her mess I eat her flesh, you know the rest Count up a hun', cop a Rolex Shine like the sun, you truly blessed Two-tone Patek You tell me text in the club, ball like I Ubered these jets VVS's on me got my Gucci shirt wet Put a M in my bag, I'ma get used to these racks I went to school where they teach you finesse Five hundred shells for the drip I invest I'm the boss man, I keep cash in the desk Know the coupe fast when they end with a S  Now that I'm home, back off the road We shut it down, say it ain't so With checks in the streets, shade number four Saint Laurent feet, put it on toes Take it with me, double your dose Covered with angels that's watching my soul Jet got a bed, it's bigger windows Said I'll be there in 10, but I got there in four I feel like I'm chosen, I'm covered in gold I left her wide open, no self control Took nothing but five minutes, she hopped in and drove  Ice on my neck, flawless baguettes Hop off a jet, barely get rest Cash through the month, I get a check Yves Saint Laurent on my pants and my chest Chanel, her dress Clean up her mess I eat her flesh, you know the rest Count up a hun', cop a Rolex Shine like the sun, you truly blessed  Two-tone Pateks Fendi clipboard like I Uber the jets VVS's on me got my Louis shirt wet It's a M in my bag and get used to these racks  I went to school where they teach you finesse Five hundred shells for the drip I invest I'm the boss man, I keep cash in the desk Know the coupe fast when they end with a S  La Flame on a island Me and Cash, Gunna hopped on a Learjet Got Prada's, every color And I got CC's you ain't seen yet Said I'd kick the cup and now I'm asking, "where the codeine at"? 30 pointers and up, Eliantte Drippin', my whole team wet 
I know I can't take one more step towards you 'Cause all that's waiting is regret And don't you know I'm not your ghost anymore You lost the love I loved the most  I learned to live half-alive And now you want me one more time  And who do you think you are, running 'round leaving scars? Collecting your jar of hearts and tearing love apart You're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul So don't come back for me, who do you think you are?  I hear you're asking all around If I am anywhere to be found But I have grown too strong To ever fall back in your arms  I learned to live half-alive And now you want me one more time  And who do you think you are, running 'round leaving scars? Collecting your jar of hearts, tearing love apart You're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul So don't come back for me, who do you think you are?  It took so long just to feel alright Remember how to put back the light in my eyes I wish I had missed the first time that we kissed 'Cause you broke all your promises  And now you're back, you don't get to get me back  And who do you think you are, running 'round leaving scars? Collecting your jar of hearts and tearing love apart You're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul So don't come back for me, don't come back at all  And who do you think you are, running 'round leaving scars? Collecting your jar of hearts, tearing love apart You're gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul Don't come back to me, don't come back at all  Who do you think you are? Who do you think you are? Who do you think you are? 
Thick skin, soft touch Heart of gold but it's n-n-n-not enough Forgiving arms, the higher road Working hard but it's n-n-n-not enough  You said, I'm not good enough, I'm not good enough But what you really mean Is you're not good enough, you're not good enough You can't deliver so you turn it around  You didn't let me down You didn't tear me apart You just opened my eyes While breaking my heart  You didn't do it for me I'm not as dumb as you think You just made me cry While claiming that you love me  You love me, you love me You said you love me But that I'm not good enough, I'm not good enough  A strong hold, a fun ride But rollercoasters are just n-n-n-not enough I keep it in, you wear me out This kind of love is n-n-n-not enough  You said I’m just a sinking ship, I’m just a sinking ship But what that really means Is you can’t handle this, you can’t handle this You couldn’t win so you turn it around  You didn't let me down You didn't tear me apart You just opened my eyes While breaking my heart  You didn't do it for me I'm not as dumb as you think You just made me cry While claiming that you love me  You love me, you love me You said you love me But that I'm not good enough, I'm not good enough  Your love feels different It’s like a blow to the head with your compliments Your love hurts deeper It’s like a brick in the sea and I’m drowning with it  You didn't let me down You didn't tear me apart You just opened my eyes While breaking my heart  You didn't do it for me I'm not as dumb as you think You just made me cry While claiming that you love me  You love me, you love me You said you love me But that I'm not good enough, I'm not good enough  So understand it means nothing when you say you love me When you say you love me When you say you love me, you love me, you love me  You didn't let me down You didn't tear me apart You just opened my eyes While breaking my heart  You didn't do it for me I'm not as dumb as you think You just made me cry While claiming that you love me  You love me, you love me You said you love me You know the truth is that you're not good enough You're not good enough 
Stone cold Stone cold You see me standing But I'm dyin' on the floor  Stone cold Stone cold Maybe if I don't cry I won't feel anymore  Stone cold Baby God knows I try to feel  Happy for you Know that I am Even if I can't understand  I'll take the pain Give me the truth Me and my heart We'll make it through  If happy is her I'm happy for you  Stone cold Stone cold You're dancing with her While I'm staring at my phone  Stone cold Stone cold I was your amber But now she's your shade of gold  Stone cold Baby God knows I try to feel  Happy for you Know that I am Even if I can't understand  I'll take the pain Give me the truth Me and my heart We'll make it through  If happy is her I'm happy for you  Don't wanna be stone cold Stone  I wish I could mean this but here's my goodbye  I'm happy for you Know that I am Even if I can't understand  If happy is her If happy is her I'm happy for you 
Gabriella: Troy - listen...  I gotta say what's on my mind. Something about us, doesn't seem right... these days. Life keeps getting in the way. Whenever we try, Somehow the plan is always rearranged.  It's so hard to say, But I gotta do what's best for me. You'll be okay...  I've got to move on, and be who I am. I just don't belong here, I hope you understand. We might find our place in this world someday, But as for now, I gotta go my own way.  Don't wanna leave it all behind. But I get my hopes up and I watch them fall every time. Another color turns to grey. And it's just too hard... to watch it all... slowly fade away.  I'm leaving today 'Cause I gotta do what's best for me. You'll be okay...  I've got to move on, and be who I am. I just don't belong here, I hope you understand. We might find our place in this world someday, But as for now, I gotta go my own way.  TROY: What about us? What about everything we've been through?  Gabriella: What about trust?  TROY: You know I never wanted to hurt you.  Gabriella: What about me?  TROY: What am I supposed to do...  Gabriella: I gotta leave but I'll miss you  TROY: ...Miss you.  Gabriella lead, troy ad-libs So I've got to move on, and be who I am. (Troy: why do you have to go) I just don't belong here, I hope you understand. (Troy: trying to understand) We might find our place in this world someday, But as for now, (Troy: I want you to stay) I gotta go my own way.  I've got to move on, and be who I am. (Troy: what about us?) I just don't belong here, I hope you understand. (Troy: trying to understand) We might find our place in this world someday. But as for now, I gotta go my own way.  I've gotta go my own way, I've gotta go my own way, 
I was listenin' to the ocean I saw a face in the sand But when I picked it up Then it vanished away from my hands I had a dream I was seven Climbin' my way in a tree I saw a piece of heaven Waitin' impatient for me  And I was runnin' far away Would I run off the world someday? Nobody knows, nobody knows And I was dancing in the rain I felt alive and I can't complain But now take me home Take me home where I belong I can't take it anymore  I was painting a picture The picture was a painting of you And for a moment I thought you were here But then again, it wasn't true And all this time I have been lyin' Oh, lyin' in secret to myself I've been putting sorrow on the farrest place on my shelf  And I was runnin' far away Would I run off the world someday? Nobody knows, nobody knows And I was dancing in the rain I felt alive and I can't complain But now take me home Take me home where I belong I got no other place to go Now take me home Take me home where I belong I got no other place to go Now take me home Take me home where I belong I can't take it anymore  But I kept runnin' for a soft place to fall And I kept runnin' for a soft place to fall And I kept runnin' for a soft place to fall And I kept runnin' for a soft place to fall  And I was runnin' far away Would I run off the world someday? But now take me home Take me home where I belong I got no other place to go Now take me home Take me home where I belong I got no other place to go  Now take me home, home where I belong Now, now Now take me home, home where I belong Home, home Now take me home, home where I belong Now, now Now take me home, home where I belong  I can't take it anymore 
Sometimes I think about the ones that we've replaced All the millions underneath the burnt and waste And I get sad because of course we'll be the same All of history collapsing in its wake  Maybe it's enough that I have laid here Maybe it's enough that I have known inside my head, and Maybe it's enough to know that we were here together And that we are the ones We are the ones We are the ones for now  I heard that someday when they look up at the night They'll see nothing but a black and starless sky And they'll tell stories of some old and callow time Claiming spectacles of brilliant burning lights  Maybe it's enough that I have laid here Maybe it's enough that I have known inside my head, and Maybe it's enough to know that we were here together And that we are the ones We are the ones We are the ones for now  So maybe this is what it takes to realize I am grateful just that I have been alive And I'll be happy if I look back on my life Been a sister, been a mother, been a wife  Maybe it's enough that I have laid here Maybe it's enough that I have known inside my head, and Maybe it's enough to know that we were here together And that we are the ones We are the ones We are the ones for now 
God knows what is hiding In those weak and drunken hearts I guess he kissed the girls and made them cry Those hard-faced queens of misadventure  God knows what is hiding In those weak and sunken eyes A fiery throngs of muted angels Giving love but getting nothing back  Oh, people help the people And if you're homesick Give me your hand and I'll hold it  People help the people And nothing will drag you down  Oh, and if I had a brain Oh, and if I had a brain I'd be cold as a stone and rich as the fool That turned all those good hearts away  God knows what is hiding In this world of little consequence Behind the tears, inside the lies A thousand slowly dying sunsets  God knows what is hiding In those weak and drunken hearts I guess the loneliness came knocking No one needs to be alone, oh, save me  People help the people And if you're homesick Give me your hand and I'll hold it  People help the people And nothing will drag you down  Oh, and if I had a brain Oh, and if I had a brain I'd be cold as a stone and rich as the fool That turned all those good hearts away  People help the people And if you're homesick Give me your hand and I'll hold it  People help the people And nothing will drag you down  Oh, and if I had a brain Oh, and if I had a brain I'd be cold as a stone and rich as the fool That turned all those good hearts away 
Sunshine Listen to the song here in my heart A melody I start but can't complete Listen to the sound from deep within It's only beginning to find release  Oh, the time has come for my dreams to be heard They will not be pushed aside and turned Into your own All 'cause you won't Listen...  Listen I am alone at the crossroads I'm not at home in my own home And I tried and tried To say what's on my mind You should have known Oh, now I'm done believin' you You don't know what I'm feelin' I'm more than what you made of me I followed the voice you gave to me But now I gotta find my own...  You should have listened There is someone here inside Someone I thought had died So long ago  Oh, I'm screaming out and my dreams will be heard They will not be pushed aside on words Into your own All 'cause you won't Listen...  Listen I am alone at the crossroads I'm not at home in my own home And I tried and tried To say what's on my mind You should have known Oh, now I'm done believin' you You don't know what I'm feelin' I'm more than what you made of me I followed the voice you gave to me But now I gotta find my own  I don't know where I belong But I'll be movin' on If you don't... If you won't...  Oh, listen To the song here in my heart A melody I start But I will complete Oh, now I'm done believin' you You don't know what I'm feelin' I'm more than what you made of me I followed the voice you think you gave to me But now I've gotta find, my own... My own... 
Unfortunately, we are not licensed to display the full lyrics for this song at the moment. Hopefully we will be able to in the future. Until then... how about a random page? 
I'm holding on your rope Got me ten feet off the ground And I'm hearing what you say But I just can't make a sound  You tell me that you need me Then you go and cut me down, but wait You tell me that you're sorry Didn't think I'd turn around, and say  That it's too late to apologize, it's too late I said it's too late to apologize, it's too late  I'd take another chance Take a fall, take a shot for you And I need you like a heart needs a beat But it's nothing new, yeah  I loved you with a fire red Now it's turning blue, and you say Sorry like the angel heaven let me think was you But I'm afraid  It's too late to apologize, it's too late I said it's too late to apologize, it's too late  It's too late to apologize, it's too late I said it's too late to apologize, it's too late  I said it's too late to apologize, it's too late I said it's too late to apologize, it's too late  I'm holding on your rope Got me ten feet off the ground 
Be still and know that I'm with you  Be still and know that I am here  Be still and know that I'm with you  Be still and know   When darkness comes upon you  And covers you with fear and shame  Be still and know that I'm with you  And I will say your name   If terror falls upon your bed  And sleep no longer comes  Remember all the words I said  Be still and know   And when you go through the valley  And shadow comes down from the hill  If morning never comes to be  Be still   If you forget the way to go  And lose where you came from  If no one is standing beside you  Be still and know I am   Be still and know that I'm with you  Be still and know I am 
Damn I want my baby back It's so cold without her Cold without her She's gone Now I'm alone, no one to hold on 'Cause she was the only one And I know I was dead wrong But if you (ooh ooh) If you See her sooon Ask her will she forgive me  If you ever see her If you ever meet her If you ever get a chance to sit down and talk to her Let her know it's so cold It's so cold, it's so cold Here without her And tell her I miss her Tell her I need her Tell her I want her I really want her to come back home, back to keep me warm Tell her I'm sorry, I'm really sorry Can you forgive me? Please forgive me And come back home Keep me safe and warm  Now my baby's really gone I don't know if she's coming home My love's up, I fucked up I know Tell me what to do to get her back Back where her heart belongs Been gone from me for way too long  So if you, seen my boo Please can youu Can you tell her for me  If you ever see her If you ever meet her If you ever get a chance to sit down and talk to her Let her know it's so cold (Let her know it's so cold) It's so cold (Let her know it's so cold) It's so cold (It's so cold here without her) And tell her I miss her Tell her I need her Tell her I want her I really want her to come back home Back to keep me warm Tell her I'm sorry, I'm really sorry Can you forgive me? Please forgive me And come back home Keep me safe and warm  (All dem girls across the world You know you gotta be my girl) x4  If you ever see her If you ever meet her If you ever get a chance to sit down and talk to her Let her know it's so cold It's so cold, it's so cold Here without her 
Run away-ay with me Lost souls in revelry (hey) Running wild and running free Two kids, you and me (hey)  And I say hey, hey hey hey Living like we're renegades Hey hey hey, hey hey hey Living like we're renegades Renegades, renegades  Long live the pioneers Rebels and mutineers (hey) Go forth and have no fear Come close and lend an ear (hey)  And I say hey, hey hey hey Living like we're renegades Hey hey hey, hey hey hey Living like we're renegades Renegades, renegades  All hail the underdogs All hail the new kids All hail the outlaws Spielbergs and Kubricks  It's our time to make a move It's our time to make amends It's our time to break the rules Let's begin  And I say, hey, hey hey hey Living like we're renegades Hey hey hey, hey hey hey Leaving like we're renegades Renegades, renegades 
Don't throw the book To see this through, you have to look Chapters with end Do you bleed them dry or start again? Well, there's three billion stars And someone for everyone you know And we're just blades of grass:  We get cut down to grow. (We get cut down to grow) Well, it's loser's luck, I suppose. (Well, it's loser's luck, I suppose)  Slow down Or else your feet won't feel the ground (Ground) Inch by Inch, (Inch by inch) (Inch by inch) You get confused and get thick skin (Skin) Well, there's just one life A hundred million ways to go. (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) And we're just blades of grass:  We get cut down to grow. (We get cut down to grow) Well, it's loser's luck, I suppose. (Well, it's loser's luck, I suppose)  Lo and behold, (Lo and behold) What I thought was silver (What I thought was silver) Was fool's gold! (was fool's gold!) What I thought was love (What I thought was love) Was just a full moon, (was just a full moon) Waiting in shadows (Waiting in shadows) To shine on your soul! (to shine on your soul!)  We get cut down to grow. (We get cut down to grow) Well, it's loser's luck, I suppose. (Well, it's loser's luck, I suppose)  Don't throw the book To see this through, you got to look. (look) Well, there's just one life A hundred billion ways to go. (Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh) And we're just blades of grass: (just blades of grass:)  We get cut down to grow. (We get cut down to grow) Well, it's loser's luck, I suppose. (Well, it's loser's luck, I suppose)  Lo and behold, (Lo and behold) What I thought was silver (What I thought was silver) Was fool's gold! (was fool's gold!) What I thought was love (What I thought was love) Was just a full moon, (was just a full moon) Waiting in shadows (Waiting in shadows) To shine on your soul! (to shine on your soul!)  Love was just a fairy tale (Love was just a fairy tale) That fools told! (that fools told!) Let's play "Let's Pretend," or is it (Let's play "Let's Pretend," or is it) Too much (too much) To ask not to leave this matter (To ask not to leave this matter) Out in the cold? (out in the cold?)  We get cut down to grow. (We get cut down to grow) Well, it's loser's luck, I suppose... (Well, it's loser's luck, I suppose...) Loser's luck, I suppose... (Loser's luck, I suppose...) Loser's luck, I suppose. (Loser's luck, I suppose) 
Summer after high school when we first met We'd make out in your Mustang to Radiohead And on my 18th birthday we got matching tattoos  Used to steal your parents' liquor and climb to the roof Talk about our future like we had a clue Never plan that one day I'd be losing you  In another life I would be your girl We'd keep all our promises, be us against the world In another life I would make you stay So I don't have to say you were the one that got away, the one that got away  I was June and you were my Johnny Cash Never one, without the other, we made a pact Sometimes when I miss you, I put those records on, whoa  Someone said you had your tattoo removed Saw you downtown singing the blues It's time to face the music, I'm no longer your muse  But in another life I would be your girl We'd keep all our promises, be us against the world In another life, I would make you stay So I don't have to say you were the one that got away, the one that got away  The one, the one, the one The one that got away  All this money can't buy me a time machine, no Can't replace you with a million rings, no I should've told you what you meant to me, whoa 'Cause now I pay the price  In another life I would be your girl We'd keep all our promises, be us against the world In another life, I would make you stay So I don't have to say you were the one that got away, the one that got away  The one (the one) The one (the one) The one (the one)  In another life I would make you stay So I don't have to say you were the one that got away The one that got away 
Bad natured from the start  Always angry, without a heart  Soulless man, without remorse  A deadly mission without recourse   Politician, for the dying game  Exhibition, a diseased brain   Killing for pleasure, he sharpens the knife  Never realizing wrong from right  A bad seed, a rotten apple  Labeled he is a walking disaster   Politician, for the dying game  Exhibition, a diseased brain  Contortion, twisting, writhing,  Dementia, diseased brain 
She said "love me", so I loved her She said "leave me", so I left Then I went to California And I ain't never coming back  I got a high-five from her brother I got blood stains on the bed And I ain't saying that I love her But this bitch is gonna drive me mad I said this bitch is gonna drive me mad  You got just what I've been looking for But you can't bring yourself to say no And I ain't never gonna let you go I kept wishing I would die, oh That whole plane ride home And I wish I could I know I should leave you alone  I worship since I met ya I fell down to my knees And when no one would accept ya Throw myself up on the cross and bleed  I seen a dark cloud coming over I seen some evil shit in her head And when she rode me like no other But this bitch is gonna drive me mad I said this bitch is gonna drive me mad  You got just what I've been looking for But you can't bring yourself to say no And I ain't never gonna let you go I kept wishing I would die, oh That whole plane ride home And I wish I could I know I should leave you alone  You got just what I've been looking for But you can't bring yourself to say no And I ain't never gonna let you go I kept wishing I would die, oh That whole plane ride home And I wish I could I know I should leave you alone 
Rihanna: On the first page of our story, the future seemed so bright Then this thing turned out so evil, I don't know why I'm still surprised Even angels have their wicked schemes, and you take that to new extremes But you'll always be my hero, even though you've lost your mind  Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie I love the way you lie, oh-oh, I love the way you lie  Now there's gravel in our voices, glass is shattered from the fight In this tug of war you'll always win, even when I'm right 'Cause you feed me fables from your hand, with violent words and empty threats And it's sick that all these battles, are what keeps me satisfied  Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie  I love the way you lie, oh-oh, I love the way you lie, oh-oh  So maybe I'm a masochist I try to run but I don't wanna ever leave Till the walls are goin' up In smoke with all our memories  Eminem: It's morning, you wake a sun ray hits your face Smeared makeup as we lay in the wake of destruction Hush baby speak softly, tell me you're awfully sorry That you pushed me into the coffee table last night so I can push you off me  Try and touch me so I can scream at you not to touch me Run out the room and I'll follow you like a lost puppy Baby without you I'm nothing, I'm so lost hug me Then tell me how ugly I am, but that you'll always love me  Then after that shove me, in the aftermath of the Destructive path that we're on, two psychopaths but we Know that no matter how many knives we put in each other's backs That we'll have each other's backs, 'cause we're that lucky  Together we move mountains, let's not make mountains out of molehills You hit me twice, yeah but who's counting?! I may have hit you three times, I'm starting to lose count But together, we'll live forever, we found the youth fountain  Our love is crazy we're nuts, but I refuse counselling This house is too huge, if you move out I'll burn all two thousand Square feet of it to the ground, ain't shit you can do about it 'Cause with you I'm in my fucking mind, without you I'm out it  Rihanna: Just gonna stand there and watch me burn But that's alright because I like the way it hurts Just gonna stand there and hear me cry But that's alright because I love the way you lie  I love the way you lie, I love the way you lie  I love the way you lie I love the way you lie 
There's gotta be another way out I've been stuck in a cage with my doubt I've tried forever getting out on my own  But every time I do this my way I get caught in the lies of the enemy I lay my troubles down I'm ready for you now  Bring me out Come and find me in the dark now Every day by myself I'm breaking down I don't wanna fight alone anymore  Bring me out From the prison of my own pride My God, I need a hope I can't deny In the end I'm realizing I was never meant to fight on my own  Every little thing that I've known Is every thing I need to let go You're so much bigger than the world I have made  So I surrender my soul I'm reaching out for your hope I lay my weapons down I'm ready for you now  Bring me out Come and find me in the dark now Every day by myself I'm breaking down I don't wanna fight alone anymore  Bring me out From the prison of my own pride My God, I need a hope I can't deny In the end I'm realizing I was never meant to fight on my own  I don't wanna be incomplete I remember what you said to me I don't have to fight alone  Bring me out Come and find me in the dark now Every day by myself I'm breaking down I don't wanna fight alone anymore  Bring me out From the prison of my own pride My God, I need a hope I can't deny In the end I'm realizing I was never meant to fight on my own 
We'll do it all Everything On our own  We don't need Anything Or anyone  If I lay here If I just lay here Would you lie with me and just forget the world?  I don't quite know How to say How I feel  Those three words Are said too much They're not enough  If I lay here If I just lay here Would you lie with me and just forget the world?  Forget what we're told Before we get too old Show me a garden that's bursting into life  Let's waste time Chasing cars Around our heads  I need your grace To remind me To find my own  If I lay here If I just lay here Would you lie with me and just forget the world?  Forget what we're told Before we get too old Show me a garden that's bursting into life  All that I am All that I ever was Is here in your perfect eyes; they're all I can see  I don't know where Confused about how as well Just know that these things will never change for us at all  If I lay here If I just lay here Would you lie with me and just forget the world? 
It's not that I'm afraid I'm not enough for her It's not that I can't find the words to say But when she's with him, she seems happier And I don't wanna take that away  How many times can I see your face? How many times will you walk away? I just have to let you know  I'm not trying to start a fire with this flame But I'm worried that your heart might feel the same And I have to be honest with you baby Tell me if I'm wrong and this is crazy But I got you this rose and I gotta know Will you let it die or let it grow? Die or let it go, oh  It's not that I don't care about the love you have It's not that I don't want to see you smile But there's no way that he can feel the same 'Cause when I think of you my mind goes wild  How many times can I see your face? How many times will you walk away? I just have to let you know  I'm not trying to start a fire with this flame But I'm worried that your heart might feel the same And I have to be honest with you baby Tell me if I'm wrong, and this is crazy But I got you this rose and I need to know Will you let it die or let it grow?  You could tell me to stop if you already know Though I'm not sure my heart can take it  But the look on your face says "don't let me go"  I'm not trying to start a fire with this flame But I'm worried that your heart might feel the same And I have to be honest with you baby Tell me if I'm wrong, and this is crazy But I got you this rose and I need to know Will you let it die or let it go?  I'm not trying to start a fire with this flame But I'm worried that your heart might feel the same And I have to be honest with you baby Tell me if I'm wrong, and this is crazy But I got you this rose and I need to know Will you let it die or let it grow? 
Everybody loves the things you do From the way you talk To the way you move  Everybody here is watching you 'Cause you feel like home You're like a dream come true  But if by chance you're here alone Can I have a moment Before I go?  'Cause I've been by myself all night long Hoping you're someone I used to know  You look like a movie You sound like a song My God, this reminds me Of when we were young  Let me photograph you in this light In case it is the last time That we might be exactly like we were Before we realized  We were sad of getting old It made us restless It was just like a movie It was just like a song  I was so scared to face my fears 'Cause nobody told me That you'd be here  And I swear you moved overseas That's what you said, when you left me  You still look like a movie You still sound like a song My God, this reminds me Of when we were young  Let me photograph you in this light In case it is the last time That we might be exactly like we were Before we realized  We were sad of getting old It made us restless It was just like a movie It was just like a song  (When we were young) (When we were young) (When we were young) (When we were young)  It's hard to win me back Everything just takes me back To when you were there To when you were there  And a part of me keeps holding on Just in case it hasn't gone I guess I still care Do you still care?  It was just like a movie It was just like a song My God, this reminds me Of when we were young  (When we were young) (When we were young) (When we were young) (When we were young)  Let me photograph you in this light In case it is the last time That we might be exactly like we were Before we realized We were sad of getting old  It made us restless Oh, I'm so mad I'm getting old  It makes me reckless It was just like a movie It was just like a song When we were young 
Oh Ian, the life the life  The dusty old books  Port on the carpet  The stains the stains   Oh Ian, the face the face  The sense of a lifetime  Snap of the old light  The room the room   Oh Ian I'll bring the old box  Where the quiet lies and the time died  Oh Ian I'll bring it all for you to see   Oh Ian, the words the words  Valiant moments  Sewed from the old hope  The life the life 
Take away your things and go You can't take back what you said, I know I've heard it all before, at least a million times I'm not one to forget, you know  I don't believe, I don't believe it You left in peace, left me in pieces Too hard to breathe, I'm on my knees  Right now, 'ow  I'm so sick of that same old love, that shit, it tears me up I'm so sick of that same old love, my body's had enough Oh, (that same old love) Oh, (that same old love) I'm so sick of that same old love, feels like I've blown apart I'm so sick of that same old love, the kind that breaks your heart Oh, (that same old love) Oh, (that same old love)  I'm not spending any time, wasting tonight on you I know, I've heard it all  So don't you try and change your mind  'Cause I won't be changing too, you know You can't believe, still can't believe it You left in peace, left me in pieces  Too hard to breathe, I'm on my knees Right now, 'ow I'm so sick of that same old love, that shit, it tears me up I'm so sick of that same old love, my body's had enough Oh, (that same old love) Oh, (that same old love) I'm so sick of that same old love, feels like I've blown apart I'm so sick of that same old love, the kind that breaks your heart Oh, (that same old love) Oh, (that same old love) I'm so sick of that, so sick of that love I'm so sick of that, so sick of that love I'm so sick of that, so sick of that love I'm so sick of that, so sick of that love I'm so sick of that same old love, that shit, it tears me up I'm so sick of that same old love, my body's had enough Oh, (that same old love) Oh, (that same old love) I'm so sick of that same old love, feels like I've blown apart I'm so sick of that same old love, the kind that breaks your heart Oh, (that same old love) Oh, (that same old love) 
When the little king    Rode on his horse    Into the darkened wood    No one believed    That he'd return    They thought he'd gone for good    As he looked down to see the lake    He found a secret key    The little king he couldn't wait    And he rode off nervously    In a stolen car    On busy streets    He spun the leather wheel    He was burning oil    In second gear    As the tyres loudly squealed    And the bouncers on the kerb    Jumped right out of the way    He smashed into a superstore    And he didn't feel a thing    Just a quiet night where the fun begins    For the little king     Once life was merry going round    Then time began to rub    The future looked as clear as day    But it quickly turned to mud    It stuck to him like glue    What can anybody do    For the little king    For the little king     Now the little king    Is locked away    To mix with the elite    In the doghouse now    He learns new tricks    From other pedigrees    It's small town front page news    The fairy tale your king    Has scratched his head looking for clues    He found splinters there    But one day soon the latch will swing    For the little king 
Do you know what's worth fighting for When it's not worth dying for? Does it take your breath away And you feel yourself suffocating?  Does the pain weigh out the pride And you look for a place to hide? Did someone break your heart inside? You're in ruins  One, 21 guns Lay down your arms, give up the fight One, 21 guns Throw up your arms into the sky, you and I  When you're at the end of the road And you've lost all sense of control And your thoughts have taken their toll When your mind breaks the spirit of your soul  Your faith walks on broken glass And the hangover doesn’t pass Nothing's ever built to last You’re in ruins  One, 21 guns Lay down your arms, give up the fight One, 21 guns Throw up your arms into the sky, you and I  Did you try to live on your own When you burned down the house and home? Did you stand too close to the fire Like a liar looking for forgiveness from a stone?  When it's time to live and let die And you can't get another try Something inside this heart has died You're in ruins  One, 21 guns Lay down your arms, give up the fight One, 21 guns Throw up your arms into the sky  One, 21 guns Lay down your arms, give up the fight One, 21 guns Throw up your arms into the sky, you and I 
And we run into a dark room And we spasmed through the sounds All the copied morency All the blues and the deal soul  And the drugs were all we had and The feeling never really goes You won't find love at the bottom Of a glassy bottle  And you don't know what you've got until it's gone And you don't know who to love until your lost And you don't know how to feel until the moment's passed I wish you live like you're made of glass  We've got work in the morning But it's nearly 5AM Is this really what we envisioned We won't be 21 again  And in the haze you'll see colours And it suddenly make sense But the way you've been going You'll be in an early grave  And you don't know what you've got until it's gone And you don't know who to love until your lost And you don't know how to feel until the moment's passed I wish you live like you're made of glass 
Once I was seven years old my momma told me Go make yourself some friends or you'll be lonely Once I was seven years old  It was a big big world, but we thought we were bigger Pushing each other to the limits, we were learning quicker By eleven smoking herb and drinking burning liquor Never rich so we were out to make that steady figure  Once I was eleven years old my daddy told me Go get yourself a wife or you'll be lonely Once I was eleven years old  I always had that dream like my daddy before me So I started writing songs, I started writing stories Something about the glory, just always seemed to bore me 'Cause only those I really love will ever really know me  Once I was 20 years old, my story got told Before the morning sun, when life was lonely Once I was 20 years old  I only see my goals, I don't believe in failure 'Cause I know the smallest voices, they can make it major I got my boys with me at least those in favor And if we don't meet before I leave, I hope I'll see you later  Once I was 20 years old, my story got told I was writing about everything, I saw before me Once I was 20 years old  Soon we'll be 30 years old, our songs have been sold We've traveled around the world and we're still rolling Soon we'll be 30 years old  I'm still learning about life My woman brought children for me So I can sing them all my songs And I can tell them stories Most of my boys are with me Some are still out seeking glory And some I had to leave behind My brother I'm still sorry  Soon I'll be 60 years old, my daddy got 61 Remember life and then your life becomes a better one I made the man so happy when I wrote a letter once I hope my children come and visit, once or twice a month  Soon I'll be 60 years old, will I think the world is cold Or will I have a lot of children who can warm me Soon I'll be 60 years old Soon I'll be 60 years old, will I think the world is cold Or will I have a lot of children who can warm me Soon I'll be 60 years old  Once I was seven years old, my momma told me Go make yourself some friends or you'll be lonely Once I was seven years old  Once I was seven years old 
Lights out  If tomorrow's not here, I write down all of my worst fears Fear of loss, fear of change, fear of losing my peers Apparently I will watch the whole world collapse and appear No tears, my intuition tells me that the end is near The only thing I should fear is fear itself Learn that being afraid of God is being afraid of yourself So go to church nigga, but I won't go 'cause I don't know Where all the money and the collection plate go If the church still owe, then you know, read your bible at home I'ma read it myself, all the stories that I'm reading show me how to prevail The guard came in the other day and gave me some mail and said that I got a phone call When I get out we gon' go harder than Medusa, building stone walls out of human flesh Dave Koresh, burn that shit down even though I'm not around I know you gon' hold it down till the day that I get out  If tomorrow's not here, if tomorrow's not here If tomorrow's not here, if tomorrow's not here So are you it, or you ain't, or just claiming to be? Either you're something, or nothing, or just nothing to see If tomorrow's not here Let's all jump out the window Before your casket get closed, and your ashes get smoked Tomorrow's not promised but the coming's real close Oh, gotta do a little soul searching Let's all jump out the window Before your casket get closed, and your ashes get smoked Tomorrow's not promised but the coming's real close Oh, gotta do a little soul searching  If tomorrow's not here, I write down all of my worst fears Fear of loss, fear of change, fear of losing my peers We, been afraid of something that is out of my control Like a verse from Duckworth make a silly rapper's butt hurt Sodomized through the eyes of a troubled youth Talking between the bars, you tell them within the booth Way back in 2012 when a nigga was 22 Passed you the Tropicana now my niggas got the juice For millennias to come, go Millennium Falcon Fuck a hand out, I'd rather leave my hands solo The smartest thing you ever did, Curry, was going solo While I'm in the county blues, lofty bout to take over the promo for the fam I'm here because I never gave a damn, like an angry beaver Smoking dust and reefer Live life, smoke a pound, even though I'm not around I know you gon' hold it down till the day that I get out  If tomorrow's not here, if tomorrow's not here If tomorrow's not here, if tomorrow's not here So are you it, or you ain't, or just claiming to be? Either you're something, or nothing, or just nothing to see If tomorrow's not here Let's all jump out the window Before your casket get closed, and your ashes get smoked Tomorrow's not promised but the coming's real close Oh, gotta do a little soul searching Let's all jump out the window Before your casket get closed, and your ashes get smoked Tomorrow's not promised but the coming's real close Oh, gotta do a little soul searching  Yo, I'd like to dedicate this track, to my nigga Ruben Thompson and my nigga Darnell Butler ULT, ultimately till infinity We gon' make sure y'all niggas straight when y'all get out Shout out to all my niggas that's been locked down Rest in peace to anybody that ain't here with us right now RIP Chinaman, RIP Lotto, man... RIP Bo I wish all y'all niggas could enjoy the luxury that we've got right now It's not too many real niggas left out here Everybody is claiming they true but they show they true colors at the end of the day Niggas is chameleons to me, just blending in with they surroundings ULT for life 
I'll put one in that chamber like you wanna face a God? Nobody face the fake fuck, aight? Fuck us up, feelin' God, level up, feelin' odd Feel very Beverly Hill, Westside Bitch I'm drillin' your neighbor daughter at Best Buy If I hit up your daddy, nigga, you best slide If you totin' that pistol, nigga, you best ride If you shoot that shit at me, nigga, I best die 'Cause I'm a muh'fuckin' narcissist Tremble, you catch a clip, bitch, and you not equipped with that Pussy boy, don't be talkin' shit Or you can meet this AK-47, it got kick back I'm a muhfuckin' monster, in the heart of the moshpit Put that boy in a coffin, 'cause the way that he talkin' Pussy boy, don't be gawkin', I ain't doin' no barkin' I'ma let that shit rip, leave his ass in the parkin'  Fuckboy, don't test me Fuckboy, don't test me Fuckboy, don't test me Fuckboy, don't test, boy don't test Boy, don't test, boy, don't test Boy, don't test, boy, don't test Boy don't, ay, yuh, ay Fuckboy, don't test me Fuckboy, don't test me Fuckboy, don't test me Fuckboy, don't test, boy, don't test Boy, don't test, boy don't test Boy, don't test, boy don't test Boy, don't, ay, yuh, ay 
Looking up from underneath Fractured moonlight on the sea Reflections still look the same to me As before I went under  And it's peaceful in the deep Cathedral where you cannot breathe No need to pray, no need to speak Now I am under, oh  And it's breaking over me A thousand miles down to the sea bed Found the place to rest my head (Never let me go, never let me go) (Never let me go, never let me go)  And the arms of the ocean are carrying me And all this devotion was rushing out of me And the crashes are heaven for a sinner like me But the arms of the ocean deliver me  Though the pressure's hard to take It's the only way I can escape It seems a heavy choice to make But now I am under, oh  And it's breaking over me A thousand miles down to the sea bed Found the place to rest my head (Never let me go, never let me go) (Never let me go, never let me go)  And the arms of the ocean are carrying me And all this devotion was rushing out of me And the crashes are heaven for a sinner like me But the arms of the ocean deliver me  And it's over And I'm going under But I'm not giving up I'm just giving in I'm slipping underneath So cold and so sweet  And the arms of the ocean, so sweet and so cold And all this devotion I never knew at all And the crashes are heaven for a sinner released In the arms of the ocean deliver me  Deliver me (Never let me go, never let me go) (Never let me go, never let me go) Deliver me (Never let me go, never let me go) (Never let me go, never let me go) Deliver me (Never let me go, never let me go) (Never let me go, never let me go)  And it's over And I'm going under But I'm not giving up I'm just giving in And I'm slipping underneath Ooh, so cold and so sweet 
Kiss me hard before you go Summertime sadness I just wanted you to know That baby, you the best  I got my red dress on tonight Dancin' in the dark in the pale moonlight Done my hair up real big, beauty queen style High heels off, I'm feelin' alive  Oh my God, I feel it in the air Telephone wires above Are sizzlin' like a snare Honey I'm on fire, I feel it everywhere Nothin' scares me anymore (One, two, three, four)  Kiss me hard before you go Summertime sadness I just wanted you to know That baby, you the best  I got that summertime, summertime sadness Su-su-summertime, summertime sadness Got that summertime, summertime sadness  I'm feelin' electric tonight Cruisin' down the coast, goin' about 99 Got my bad baby by my heavenly side I know if I go, I'll die happy tonight  Oh my God, I feel it in the air Telephone wires above Are sizzlin' like a snare Honey I'm on fire, I feel it everywhere Nothin' scares me anymore (One, two, three, four)  Kiss me hard before you go Summertime sadness I just wanted you to know That baby, you the best  I got that summertime, summertime sadness Su-su-summertime, summertime sadness Got that summertime, summertime sadness  Think I'll miss you forever Like the stars miss the sun in the morning sky Later's better than never Even if you're gone I'm gonna drive  I got that summertime, summertime sadness Su-su-summertime, summertime sadness Got that summertime, summertime sadness  Kiss me hard before you go Summertime sadness I just wanted you to know That baby, you the best  I got that summertime, summertime sadness Su-su-summertime, summertime sadness Got that summertime, summertime sadness 
Pageant Host/Harvey Keitel: "Miss Third Ward, your first question. What is your aspiration in life?" Miss Third Ward/Beyoncé: "Hoh... my aspiration in life? Would be... to be happy."  Mama said, "You're a pretty girl; What's in your head, it doesn't matter... Brush your hair, fix your teeth; What you wear is all that matters..."  Just another stage, pageant the pain away; This time, I'm gonna take the crown without falling down, down, down...  Pretty hurts; We shine the light on whatever's worst... Perfection is a disease of a nation; Pretty hurts, pretty hurts...  Pretty hurts; We shine the light on whatever's worst... You try to fix something, but you can't fix what you can't see; It's the soul that needs the surgery...  Blonder hair, flat chest; TV says, "Bigger is better..." South Beach, sugar-free; Vogue says, "Thinner is better..."  Just another stage, pageant the pain away; This time, I'm gonna take the crown without falling down, down, down...  Pretty hurts; (Pretty hurts, pretty hurts...) We shine the light on whatever's worst... Perfection is a disease of a nation; Pretty hurts, pretty hurts... (Pretty hurts...)  Pretty hurts; (Pretty hurts...) We shine the light on whatever's worst... You try to fix something, but you can't fix what you can't see; It's the soul that needs the surgery...  Ain't got no doctor or pill that can take the pain away; The pain's inside, and nobody frees you from your body... It's my soul, it's my soul that needs surgery; It's my soul that needs surgery...  Plastic smiles and denial can only take you so far, Then you break when the fake facade leaves you in the dark You're left with shattered mirrors, and the shards of a beautiful girl...  Pretty hurts; (Oh, oh...) We shine the light on whatever's worst... (Pretty hurts...) Perfection is a disease of a nation; (Pretty hurts...) Pretty hurts, pretty hurts...  Pretty hurts; (Pretty hurts...) We shine the light on whatever's worst... (Oh! Oh, oh...) You try to fix something, but you can't fix what you can't see; (Pretty hurts...) It's the soul that needs the surgery...  When you're alone all by yourself, (Pretty hurts, pretty hurts...) And you're lying in your bed, (Pretty hurts, pretty hurts...) Reflection stares right into you; (Pretty hurts, pretty hurts...) Are you happy with yourself? (Pretty hurts, pretty hurts...) You stripped away the masquerade, (Pretty hurts, pretty hurts...) The illusion has been shed; (Pretty hurts, pretty hurts...) Are you happy with yourself? (Pretty hurts, pretty hurts...) Are you happy with yourself? (Pretty hurts, pretty hurts...)  Yes... 
I believe we all have one true love Somewhere in this world I do (I do, I do, I do) When it seemed all my dreams were falling through That's when I found you  I believe for every heart That whispers in the dark There's a ray of light somewhere shining through It was sink or swim When the tide came in I found myself  When I found you I found the closest thing to heaven Yes I knew, I found the deepest love I knew Ooh-oh-oh, oh I believe yes it's true I found myself When I found you  I believe, for every door, that's closing For every heartbreak there's hope for something new From the ashes rised, a glimpse of paradise It's a glimer in your eyes  When I found you I found the closest thing to heaven Yes I knew, I found the deepest love I knew Ooh-oh-oh, oh I believe, yes it's true I found myself  When I found you A life I thought no one knows I thought love was just the tingling of the skin I felt so alone, all alone More than you could ever know You showed deep love, sweet love  When I found you I found the closest thing to heaven I found the deepest love I knew I found the closest thing to heaven I found myself When I found you I found the closest thing to heaven Yes I knew I found the deepest love I knew Ooh-oh-oh, oh I believe, yes it's true I found myself When I found... You 
This is my life It's not what it was before All these feelings I've shared  And these are my dreams That I'd never lived before Somebody shake me 'Cause I, I must be sleepin'  Now that we're here, it's so far away All the struggle we thought was in vain And all the mistakes one life contained They all finally start to go away  And now that we're here, it's so far away And I feel like I can face the day And I can't forget that I'm not ashamed To be the person that I am today  These are my words That I've never said before I think I'm doing okay  And this is the smile That I've never shown before Somebody shake me 'Cause I, I must be sleeping  And now that we're here, it's so far away All the struggle we thought was in vain And all the mistakes one life contained They all finally start to go away  And now that we're here, it's so far away And I feel like I can face the day And I can't forget that I'm not ashamed To be the person that I am today  I'm so afraid of waking Please don't shake me Afraid of waking Please don't shake me  Now that we're here, so far away All the struggle we thought was in vain And all the mistakes one life contained They all finally start to go away  And now that we're here, so far away And I feel like I can face the day I can't forget that I'm not ashamed To be the person that I am today 
I miss the old you The one that held me down and kinda told the truth At Warwick every Wednesday Can't control you Partyin' with rappers Actin' hoeish too You got yourself a singer, ah  When it was on, we was on fire Even let you and your girls go whip the Ghost 'round town Draped you head to toe in Gucci Ghost, wow And I never got a single fuckin' thank you from you Or, "I love you daddy" You ungrateful bitch The more the baddie, more the bratty Man, I'd take you out for dinners Take you shopping for them clothes Before I got so distant And you got so fucking cold  I miss the old you I miss the old you I used to hold you I used to hold you And that ain't cost nothing, baby Real love don't cost a motherfuckin' penny I miss the old me I miss the way I used to be I miss the old me And now these drugs controllin' me It's all your fault, baby Still reaching for the Henny  And I never got a single fuckin' thank you from you Or, "I love you daddy" You ungrateful bitch The more the baddie, more the bratty Man, I'd take you out for dinners Take you shopping for them clothes Before I got so rich and couldn't trust none of these hoes I miss the old you (Take you shopping for them clothes, before I got so distant and you got so fucking cold)  I miss the old you Before you fucked G-Eazy Both the Migos too Started bumping 21 And now just 'cause we do On the slow notes, late night Beartrap, mansionz I got snoozegod on my right I pour a 4 up in my Sprite  When it was on, we was on fire Even let you and your girls go whip the Ghost 'round town Draped you head to toe in Gucci Ghost, wow And I never got a single fucking thank you from you Or, "I love you daddy" You ungrateful bitch The more the baddie, more the bratty Man, I take you out for dinners Take you shopping for them clothes Before I got so distant And you got so fucking cold  I miss the old you I miss the old you I used to hold you I used to hold you And that ain't cost nothing, baby Real love don't cost a motherfuckin' penny I miss the old me I miss they way I used to be I miss the old me And now these drugs controllin' me It's all your fault, baby Still reaching for the Henny  And I never got a single fuckin' thank you from you Or, "I love you daddy" You ungrateful bitch The more the baddie, more the bratty Man, I take you out for dinners Take you shopping for them clothes Before I got so rich and couldn't trust none of these hoes I miss the old you I miss the old you I miss the old you I miss the old you I miss the old you 
Sometimes it's easier to hide away When the winter comes and it's shorter days But I know the dark clouds Tomorrow is gonna be better  Sometimes it's easier to hit the road When the world is givin' you a heavy load But if you stay and face it, I know Tomorrow is gonna be better  Let the rain fall Let the rain fall 'Til the day is new And all that's left is me 'n you  I know it's just one of those days But you just stay strong I'm gonna find a way to take it all And make it okay Tomorrow is gonna be better Tomorrow is gonna be better  Let the rain fall Let the rain fall 'Til the day is new And all that's left is me 'n you  Let the rain fall Let the rain fall 'Til the day is new And all that's left is me 'n you 
Just stop your crying It's a sign of the times Welcome to the final show Hope you're wearing your best clothes You can't bribe the door on your way to the sky You look pretty good down here But you ain't really good  If we never learn, we been here before Why are we always stuck and running from The bullets? The bullets We never learn, we been here before Why are we always stuck and running from The bullets? The bullets  Just stop your crying It's a sign of the times We gotta get away from here We gotta get away from here Just stop your crying It will be all right They told me that the end is near We gotta get away from here  Just stop crying Have the time of your life Breaking through the atmosphere And things are pretty good from here Remember everything will be all right We can meet again somewhere Somewhere far away from here  If we never learn, we been here before Why are we always stuck and running from The bullets? The bullets We never learn, we been here before Why are we always stuck and running from The bullets? The bullets  Just stop your crying It's a sign of the times We gotta get away from here We gotta get away from here Just stop your crying Baby it will be all right They told me that the end is near We gotta get away from here  If we never learn, we been here before Why are we always stuck and running from The bullets? The bullets We never learn, we been here before Why are we always stuck and running from The bullets? The bullets  We don't talk enough We should open up Before it's all too much Will we ever learn? We've been here before It's just what we know  Stop your crying baby It's a sign of the times We gotta get away We got to get away We got to get away We got to get away We got to get away We got to, we got to We got to, we got to We got to, we got to 
This room is clear Of any doubt I busted you And you threw her out I think you know What I must do Its much too late To try to play it cool  Oh, you were caught red handed Down in the jaw Well you dropped her flat And broke both of our hearts Well you think you're clever Baby you're not, You were caught red handed  Those satin sheets Must have felt fine How do you sleep When you know they're mine One last request Our favorite song Tell me did she like it When you put it on  Oh, you were caught red handed Down in the jaw Well you dropped her flat And broke both of our hearts Well you think you're clever Baby you're not, You were caught red handed  How could you bring her into my bed And then act surprised that I'm seeing red I think you're crazy in the head  You were caught red handed  Oh, you were caught red handed Down in the jaw Well you dropped her flat And broke both of our hearts Well you think you're clever Baby you're not, You were caught red handed 
Sleep is a rose But I only hear the gale wind Blowing cold against my window As I fold and I curl My leg around yours in a hold I said "Darling I'm scared of growing old" I'm sorry if I'm loud, I'm just worring about that now As I'm laying here, I'm still waiting for the sun You said "sleep is a rose" But I wanna tell you It only brings me fear Yeah, you said "sleep is a rose" But I wanna tell you It only brings me fear I started to listen to every little sound And so how am I supposed to forget silence As I fold and I curl my own hand around yours in a hold You said "My love I'll take you to the fairground" I know you're not around You're sleeping and talking now And I'm still laying here just waiting for the sun And you said "sleep is a rose" But I wanna tell you It only brings me fear Yeah, you said "sleep is a rose" But I wanna tell you It only brings me fear And you said "Boy, you better know that you got this love" Yeah, you said "Boy, you better know that you got this love" You said "sleep is a rose" But I wanna tell you It only brings me fear Yeah, you said "sleep is a rose" But I wanna tell you It only brings me fear So I hope morning comes 'round soon 
All around me are familiar faces Worn-out places, worn-out faces Bright and early for their daily races Going nowhere, going nowhere  Their tears are filling up their glasses No expression, no expression Hide my head, I want to drown my sorrow No tomorrow, no tomorrow  And I find it kind of funny, I find it kind of sad The dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had I find it hard to tell you, I find it hard to take When people run in circles it's a very, very  Mad world Mad world  Children waiting for the day they feel good Happy birthday, happy birthday And I feel the way that every child should Sit and listen, sit and listen  Went to school and I was very nervous No one knew me, no one knew me Hello, teacher, tell me, what's my lesson? Look right through me, look right through me  And I find it kind of funny, I find it kind of sad The dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had I find it hard to tell you, I find it hard to take When people run in circles it's a very, very  Mad world Mad world Enlarging your world Mad world 
Now that she's back in the atmosphere With drops of Jupiter in her hair, hey She acts like summer and walks like rain Reminds me that there's time to change, hey Since the return of her stay on the moon She listens like spring, and she talks like June, hey, hey  Tell me, did you sail across the sun? Did you make it to the Milky Way to see the lights all faded And that Heaven is overrated? Tell me, did you fall from shooting star One without a permanent scar? And did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there?  Now that she's back from that soul vacation Tracing her way through the constellation, hey, mm She checks out Mozart while she does Tae-Bo Reminds me that there's a room to grow, hey, yeah  Now that she's back in the atmosphere I'm afraid that she might think of me as plain ol' Jane Told a story about a man who was too afraid to fly so he never did land  But tell me, did the wind sweep you off your feet? Did you finally get the chance to dance along the light of day And head back to the Milky Way? And tell me, did Venus blow your mind? Was it everything you wanted to find? And did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there?  Can you imagine your love, pride, deep-fried chicken? Your best friend always sticking up for you Even when I know you're wrong Can you imagine your first dance, freeze dried romance? Five-hour phone conversation, the best soy latte that you ever had And me  But tell me did the wind sweep you off your feet?(feet?) Did you finally get the chance to dance along the light of day (light of day) And head back toward the Milky Way? Tell me did you sail across the sun?  Did you make it to the Milky Way to see the lights are faded And that Heaven is overrated? Tell me, did you fall from shooting star One without a permanent scar? And did you miss me while you were looking for yourself?  And did you finally get the chance to dance along the light of day?  And did you fall from a shooting star, fall from a shooting star? And are you lonely looking for yourself out there? 
Still I keep my love for you No place to hide no way to fall Nowhere to lie no world so wide I'm sick and tired of telling you Don't let me down and down and down Don't let me down and down and down  I know there's something in the wind That crazy balance of my mind What kind of fool are you and I? Scared to death and tell me why I'm sick and tired of telling you Don't let me down and down and down Don't let me down and down and down  Still I keep my love for you  You made a date with destiny You jog-jog in my memory You haunt in mind not fade away I'm sick and tired of telling you Don't let me down and down and down Don't let me down and down and down I'm sick and tired of telling you  Still I keep my love for you No place to hide, no way to fall Nowhere to lie no world so wide I'm sick and tired of telling you Don't let me down and down and down Don't let me down and down and down 
What you doing tonight? I wish I could be A fly on your wall Are you really alone Who's stealing your dreams? Why can't I breathe You into my life? (so tell me) What would it take To make you see that I'm alive?  If I was invisible (invisible... invisible...) Then I could just Watch you in your room If I was invisible I'd make you mine tonight If hearts were unbreakable Then I could just Tell you where I stand I would be the smartest man If I was invisible Wait, I already am  Saw your face in the crowd I call out your name You don't hear a sound I keep tracing your steps Each move that you make Wish I could be What goes through your mind (oh baby) Wish you could touch me With the colours of your life  If I was invisible (yeah... yeah..) Then I could just Watch you in your room If I was invisible I'd make you mine tonight If hearts were unbreakable Then I could just Tell you where I stand I would be the smartest man If I was invisible Wait, I already am  I'd make you mine tonight (invisible...) I'd make you mine tonight  I reach out You don't even see me Even when I scream out Baby, you don't hear me (you don't hear me) I am nothing without you Just a shadow passing through (invisible... invisible... invisible... invisible...) Ooh...  If I was invisible (whoa...) Then I could just Watch you in your room If I was invisible I'd make you mine tonight (I would make you mine) If hearts were unbreakable (hearts broke...) Then I could just Tell you where I stand I would be the smartest man If I was invisible (I'd make you mine tonight) If I was invisible (I'd make you mine tonight) If I was invisible (I'd make you mine tonight) If I was invisible (I'd make you mine tonight) If I was invisible (I'd make you mine tonight) 
Starry eyes  How can I get to you my true little Starry eyes What can I say or do for you my little Starry eyes Starry eyes forever shall be mine  Starry eyes  What can I say to make you listen Starry eyes What can I do for your attention Starry eyes Starry eyes forever shall be mine  When I'm alone I hear & feel you Wish that I could reach right out & touch you But knowing you're the one to greet me & meet me Two alone in the dark may it be  Starry eyes  The sparks will fall on me Starry eyes Won't you listen that I'm here being For you starry eyes Starry eyes forever shall be mine 
Oh, yeah  Here we are now Everything is about to change We face tomorrow as we say goodbye to yesterday A chapter ending, but the stories only just begun A page is turning for everyone  So I'm moving on, letting go Holding on to tomorrow Oh, I've always got the memories  While I'm finding out who I'm gonna be We might be apart but I hope you always know You'll be with me, wherever I go Wherever I go  So excited I can barely even catch my breath We have each other to lean on for the road ahead This happy ending is the start of all our dreams And I know your heart is with me  So I'm moving on, letting go Holding on to tomorrow Oh, I've always got the memories  While I'm finding out who I'm gonna be We might be apart but I hope you always know You'll be with me, wherever I go  It's time to show the world we've got something to say A song to sing out loud, we'll never fade away I know I'll miss you, but we'll meet again someday We'll never fade away  So I'm moving on, letting go Holding on to tomorrow Oh, I've always got the memories  While I'm finding out who I'm gonna be We might be apart but I hope you always know You'll be with me (wherever I go) So I'm moving on, letting go Holding on to tomorrow (wherever I go) Oh, I've always got the memories  While I'm finding out who I'm gonna be We might be apart but I hope you always know You'll be with me, yeah, wherever I go Wherever I, wherever I go 
Young money, young, young, young, young money, young mula baby  And I can smell her looking at I She recognize real I don't wear no disguise And I can see it in her eyes She fucking me wit her eyes She fucking me wit her eyes She fucking me wit her eyes She fucking me wit her eyes, yeah.  (Lil Wayne) Gazing out the window of somethin' foreign Thinking to myself-self, self How come getting money neva gets boring How come getting money neva gets boring Baby I got a stack now whatcha gon do for it Can you bring it back like a muthafuckin chorus Shawty I got a stack now whatcha gone do for it Can you bring it back like a muthafuckin chorus Girl I am hotter than poppa bears porridge Baby can I put ma private parts in ya storage I can treat ya flower like a muthafuckin florist Shawty we can kick it like ma name Chuck Norris Haha, yeah  (Kidd Kidd) Her chanel frames are like X-rays She see us out the club and into the bed She picture me in her head and her givin' head Handcuffs and whips ima sex slave No wraps on ma back, rah, whatcha name? I yell kunta rah kunta kinte With one foot off I still try to escape but who can I run to like escape I guess I got some attention to pay The girl blazin' like a doughnut on a early Sunday And I could be the chocolate on top of her sundae She lookin' at me like a fat bitch infront of entree  (Mack Mane) You see she wreckless eye baller feelin' a nigga swagga If looks was fuckin' no telling how many kids we done had Got me feelin' like Missy, 'cause she all in my grill And be face off the peel time to give her that whip a peel Betcha I can get her home, 4 shots of patron And then I know its on tell my niggas look I'm gone Ma you grown so don't worry bout your girls tryna criticize One night with Mack and babygirl you'll be dick-notized Fatten up your hips and thighs Help that ass bout out And on the next song tell her give ma dick a shout out See she could be ma sockee And I could be her plug Or she could be ma fiend and I could be her drug No disguise  (Nicki Minaj) All I do is ice grill em Then he get hard again He know my pussy stay warmer than a cardigan Slippery, slimey, excuse me don't mind me Say it's too fat for me to be this tiny I'm sucha mainiac, lemme get some brainiac You know that special head, like I'm in special ed Got me givin' you these nasty looks Stick me up with the uh, that's the nasty jooks Now, I get him rocker than a caveman I deep deep I deep throat it till it cave in Uh, you know you like that Now putcha putcha ring on Where ya wife at? The Mistress 
(Goo Goo Dolls Sample) Don't want the world to see me Don't think that they'd understand Everything's meant to be broken Want you to know who I am  (Lil B - Verse 1) My lifetime came from struggle All I've seen is what I follow My skin color, automatic transaction I'm already classified, no second chance Taught to feel nappy hands, little grade Why can't I sag when it's just a style Little beard, black hoodie, and I'm all good People judge before they even know me Stare at me, don't know I'm lonely Outside's from these stares from police And I get the bad rap because another man that just looks like me Think life's a movie like Spike Lee Too cool like Ice T Yeah, I move with Life's Peace, and he move with the gun piece So there's no peace I gotta go to the hood, all I see is Divided, the freshest schizophrenics Men pimping women, people losing vision Given choices before she started living I hate myself  (Lil B - Hook) I see myself in the mirror, but I don't see nothing If you understand what I'm seeing please tell me something When you black, the media make you wonder why I just need my history, because I hate myself  (Lil B - Verse 2) It makes me sad to see pimping like I'm at a battle with my surroundings Everybody do it, but not really And I couldn't imagine my momma Universal knowledge is karma I see young girls hanging off the corner And they searching for love in the wrong space Gave her mind to a pimp, now he's changing faces Sometimes I just wish I could trade places I hate myself for being taught the roots of the hood Which don't matter, no respect and no love That got jailed for the real thugs And I'm sorry to all the innocent in prison You get a second chance when you free or in heaven I promise if you really love and you watch your steps Respect everybody, man you will get blessed Get your point across without violence The black dying by the gun, I'm tired of crying I hate myself  (Lil B - Hook 2) For real man, this been in my heart for a long time And if you understand, please tell me something When you black, the media make you wonder why  (Lil B - Verse 3) I'm ready to give up my old thoughts I'mma move past what I saw I'mma do what I want and be happy I'm not gon' rob or kill to survive Everything I've seen was a lie I'm not ready to die, I love myself I said... Everything that I've seen was a lie I'm not ready to die, I love myself Break that mental  You know we are free now man Break that, uh, mental blockage Don't think too hard, free your mind   Lyrics taken from rapgenius.com. 
Yeah Hello Central give me 2-8-9 I wants to talk to that little angel of mine Y'hello sugar bunch is this you? Called you to find out what you're goin-a do You left your daddy early in the fall Don't come back now don't you come back at all I love you sugar I swear that's true Don't want your papa then the hell with you Don't forget it, don't forget it Please answer lil angel, tell me what you're goin-a do  I hate to tell it on the telephone Done got tired of lingerin' all alone Days are lonesome and the nights get long Ain't had no right lovin' since you been gone Don't forget it, don't forget it Please answer hot mama, tell me what you're going-a do  Sweet and slow Shake me sugar mama till I don't wanna go An' don't forget it, don't forget it Please answer hot mama, tell me what you're going-a do  Gotta put your arms around me like a circle round the sun Stop and think fast I want my lovin' done Take time sugar and ease my misery Get right talk baby talk to me Don't forget it, don't forget it Please answer hot mama, tell me what you're going-a do  Y'know this is about the last thing I've gotta say Hang up the receiver and be on your way Hurry home woman and love me with a thrill If you don't some other woman will Don't forget it, don't forget it Please answer pretty mama, tell me what you're going-a do 
Heaven only knows where you've been But I don't really need to know I know where you're gonna go On my heart, where you're resting your head And you just look so beautiful It's like you were an angel  Can I stop the flow of time? Can I swim in your divine? 'Cause I don't think I'd ever leave this place  Oh, turn the lights turn the lights down low Yeah, now I'm feeling you breathing slow, oh 'Cause, baby, we're just reckless kids Trying to find an island in the flood Oh, turn the lights, turn the lights down low, oh  Under heavy skies in the rain You're dancing in your bare feet Just like we're in a movie Grab my hand and we're chasing the train Catch you looking back at me Running through a cloud of steam  Can I stop the flow of time? Can I swim in your divine? 'Cause I don't think I'd ever leave this place  Oh, turn the lights turn the lights down low Yeah, now I'm feeling you breathing slow, oh 'Cause, baby, we're just reckless kids Trying to find an island in the flood Oh, turn the lights, turn the lights down low, oh  And I will give you everything baby But can you feel this energy? Take it You can have the best of me baby And I will give you anything Can you feel this energy? Take it You can have the best of me baby  Oh, turn the lights turn the lights down low Yeah, now I'm feeling you breathing slow, oh Oh, turn the lights turn the lights down low Yeah, now I'm feeling you breathing slow, oh 'Cause, baby, we're just reckless kids Trying to find an island in the flood Oh, turn the lights, turn the lights down low, oh 
Are you all right? I'm all right, I'm quite all right And my money's right 8... (yeah) Countin' them bands all way to the top, till they be fallin' over Countin' them bands, on the way to the top, till it's fallin' over  I don't really care if you cry On the real you should've never lied Should've saw the way she looked me in my eyes She said, "Baby, I am not afraid to die" Push me to the edge All my friends are dead Push me to the edge All my friends are dead Push me to the edge All my friends are dead Push me to the edge  Phantom that's all red Inside all white Like somethin' you ride a sled down I just want that head My Brittany got mad I'm barely her man now Everybody got the same swag now Watch the way, shit, I tear it down Stackin' my bands all the way to the top All the way till my bands fallin' over Every time that you leave your spot Your girlfriend call me like, "Come on over" I like the way that she treat me Gon' leave you, won't leave me I call it that Casanova She say I'm insane, yeah I might blow my brains out Xanny help the pain, yeah Please, Xanny make it go away I'm committed, not addicted, but it keep control of me All the pain, now I can't feel it, I swear that it's slowin' me, yeah  I don't really care if you cry On the real, you should've never lied Saw the way she looked me in my eyes She said "I am not afraid to die" All my friends are dead Push me to the edge All my friends are dead, yeah Push me to the edge All my friends are dead, yeah All my friends are dead, yeah  That is not your swag, I swear you fakin' Now these niggas wanna take my cadence Rain on 'em, thunderstorm, rain on 'em Medicine, lil' nigga take some Fast car, Nascar, race on 'em In the club, ain't got no one's, then we would become Clothes from overseas Got the racks and they all C-Notes You is not a G, though Lookin' at you stackin' all your money, it all green though I was countin' that and these all twenties, that's a G-roll  She say, "You're the worst; you're the worst" I cannot die, nigga, this my universe  I don't really care if you cry On the real, you should've never lied Should've saw the way she looked me in my eyes She said, "Baby, I am not afraid to die" Push me to the edge All my friends are dead Push me to the edge All my friends are dead Push me to the edge All my friends are dead Push me to the edge 
I don't want to see me without you, you without me I don't want to see me without you, you without me  Ever since we hooked up its just been me and you Good and bad times but we still made it through And I don't want to see you with somebody new So I'll do whatever it takes for me to make it with you I love the ways it feels when I'm touching your body All alone on our own Love when your acting naughty Light skin, nice shape with a beautiful face I know your the type of girl that I couldn't replace And I don't ever want to have to see you go 'Cause if you did, I wouldn't want no one, I'd rather be alone I need you in my life, I'm not affraid to admit it So don't tell me that it's over 'cause girl I know it isn't I know I made you sad and I'm sorry that I did it So please baby girl don't tell me that your finished with me I promise I can show you that I'm the one that's for you And I don't care about who love me mija, I love you  Me without you I can't see it Girl I need you please believe me Give me one more try And I'll make it worth your while Me without you I can't do it Girl I know I put you through it They don't want to see You with me  Not another day goes by without me thinkin' of you I couldn't picture me happy without picture you You know we got many that don't want to see us together I know it's been a lil rough but I'll never let you go never And it don't matter what they say or do 'Cause there never gonna change the way I feel about you I'm not impressed by other woman, I won't waist my time I mean look at your self baby, your so damn fine And I ain't lyin' when I say that your one of a kind You always on my mind Your beauty shine I'm so glad you're mine And I can look but never find someone quiet like you And I apologize for anythin' I put you through I can't get enough of you, and you know it too I can see you on the aisle and your walkin' through with me  And that's all I will ever need in my life All my dreams will come true when I make you my wife That's right  Me without you I can't see it Girl I need you please believe me Give me one more try And I'll make it worth your while Me without you I can't do it Girl I know I put you through it They don't want to see You with me  I know these girls think I'm lucky But I'm no fool I know I'm the one that's lucky for bein with you I love your long hair and pretty eyes And your the perfect size The kind of girl that be wanted by other guys You by my side, I'll never be lonely I'll always want you to be my one and only Became addicted to the love you showed me I only want you to be the one to hold me Your so sweet, all I'm wantin is you 'Cause when I close my eyes, all I can picture is you with me And that's how it will always be So come and tell me you feel the same with me  I don't want to see me without you, you without me Girl I need you please believe me Give me one more try And I'll make it worth your while Me without you I can't do it Girl I know I put you through it They don't want to see You with me I don't want to see me without you, you without me I don't want to see me without you, you without me I don't want to see "Fingazz on the track" I don't want to see me without you, you without me 
Oh, my God Honorable C.N.O.T.E Oh, my God Yeah, Big 14 know what the fuck goin' on Aye  Hold up Take a moment, count my guap, count my guap All these racks bomin' in, they bomin' in (hold up) Aye, count my guap, count my guap Cannot stop comin' in, comin' in Pull up in a drop top, she drop dead I pulled up in a drop top, she drop dead My diamonds dancing, hopscotch, they holding hands My diamonds dancing, hopscotch, they holding hands  Yeah, hold up I don't know what planet I'm on I'm a king, lil bitch watch the throne I feel like Bono, I'll chop off your arms (off your arms, yuh) Steady causing havoc, yeah Bitch I'm ballin' hard just like a Maverick Money stretch long lil bitch, like elastic Now that bitch steady calling me Mr Fantastic, yeah, ay Know I keep a ratchet (alright) If you play, boy I'll turn your ass to ashes, yeah Automatic, doo, doo, doo, doo, bitch, I'm blasting yeah Ooh, put you in a casket, yeah Money stretch long, it's elastic I don't know what planet I'm on (I'm on Mars) I'm a king, lil bitch watch the throne I feel like Bono I'll chop off your arms (yuh)  Hold up Take a moment, count my guap, count my guap (yeah) All these racks bomin' in, they bomin' in (hold up, it's lit) Ay, count my guap, count my guap (straight up) Cannot stop comin' in, comin' in (yeah) Pull up in a drop top, she drop dead (alright) I pulled up in a drop top, she drop dead (yeah) My diamond's dancing, hopscotch, they holding hands (yeah) My diamond's dancing, hopscotch, they holding hands (yeah)  Astroworld's my planet, my home (yeah) Car's too hot, the fumes too strong (yeah, yeah, it's lit) Mixed this cup for way too long (yeah, yeah, alright) Add it up, don't subtract it (yeah, yeah) Pour this eighth with me and let's get blasted (straight up) Lambo drive like a dragon (skrrt, skrrt) Can't fall asleep at night 'cause they attacking, yeah I, hop in the coupe, go insane I, disappear, go David Blaine We, don't do the same I, feed all my bitches the cane (white) I, double cup to drown the pain (drank) Like a octane (gas) I'ma put six in the Lambo and jet to the plane (skrrt, skrrt) Move for this chain with your elbow, I hope you got aim Don't need no more stains, or get hot like my name (La Flame) Yeah, hide out in the trees with the bumblebees Please say the name three times, we gon' pop up on you Like I'm Bloody Mary, man  Hold up Take a moment, count my guap, count my guap All these racks bomin' in, they bomin' in (hold up) Aye, count my guap, count my guap Cannot stop comin' in, comin' in Pull up in a drop top, she drop dead I pulled up in a drop top, she drop dead My diamonds dancing, hopscotch, they holding hands My diamonds dancing, hopscotch, they holding hands Yeah 
For all the years that I've known you baby I can't figure out the reason why lately you've been acting so cold (Didn't you say) If there's a problem we should work it out So why you giving me the cold shoulder now Like you don't even wanna talk to me girl (Tell me) Ok I know I was late again I made you mad and then it's throwing the pan But why are you making this drag on so long (I wanna know) I'm sick and tired of this silly games (Silly games) Don't figure that I'm the only one here to blame It's not me here who's been going round slamming doors That's when you turned and said to me I don't care babe who's right or wrong I just don't love you no more.  Rain outside my window pouring down What now, you're gone, my fault, I'm sorry Feeling like a fool 'cause I let you down Now it's, too late, to turn it around I'm sorry for the tears I made you cry I guess this time it really is goodbye You made it clear when you said I just don't love you no more  I know that I made a few mistakes But never thought that things would turn out this way 'Cause I'm missing something now that you're gone (I see it all so clearly) Me at the door with you inner state (Inner state) Giving my reasons but as you look away I can see a tear roll down your face That's when you turned and said to me I don't care babe who's right or wrong I just don't love you no more.  Rain outside my window pouring down What now, you're gone, my fault, I'm sorry Feeling like a fool 'cause I let you down Now it's, too late, to turn it around I'm sorry for the tears I made you cry I guess this time it really is goodbye You made it clear when you said I just don't love you no more  Don't say those words it's so hard They turn my whole world upside down Girl you caught me completely off guard On the night you said to me I just don't love you more.  Rain outside my window pouring down What now, you're gone, my fault, I'm sorry Feeling like a fool 'cause I let you down Now it's, too late, to turn it around I'm sorry for the tears I made you cry I guess this time it really is goodbye You made it clear when you said I just don't love you no more 
I remember years ago Someone told me I should take Caution when it comes to love I did, I did  And you were strong and I was not My illusion, my mistake I was careless, I forgot I did  And now when all is done There is nothing to say You have gone and so effortlessly You have won You can go ahead tell them  Tell them all I know now Shout it from the rooftops Write it on the skyline All we had is gone now Tell them I was happy  And my heart is broken All my scars are open Tell them what I hoped would be Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible  Falling out of love is hard Falling for betrayal is worst Broken trust and broken hearts I know, I know  Thinking all you need is there Building faith on love and words Empty promises will wear I know (I know)  And know when all is gone There is nothing to say And if you're done with embarrassing me On your own you can go ahead tell them  Tell them all I know now Shout it from the rooftops Write it on the skyline All we had is gone now Tell them I was happy And my heart is broken  All my scars are open Tell them what I hoped would be Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible  Ooh impossible (yeah yeah)  I remember years ago Someone told me I should take Caution when it comes to love I did  Tell them all I know now Shout it from the rooftops Write it on the skyline All we had is gone now Tell them I was happy And my heart is broken  All my scars are open Tell them what I hoped would be Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible  I remember years ago Someone told me I should take Caution when it comes to love I did 
Ooh, ah, ah, ah Don't go, don't go to sleep Don't go, stay up and don't go  Tired of feeling like I'm trapped in my damn mind Tired of feeling like I'm wrapped in a damn lie Tired of feeling like my life is a damn game Nigga really wanna die in the night time  Only time I feel pain, when I'm feeling love That's why it's tatted on my face that I'm damn numb Only time I'm in my mind, when I'm all alone That's why I'm never really alone in the night time Change hoes like clothes, I can't get attached 'Cause these hoes fire starters like lit matches I've been feeling really lost, ducking all attachments I don't really go outside 'cause I hate traffic I don't wanna go outside, get caught in traffic  Tired of feeling like I'm trapped in my damn mind Tired of feeling like I'm wrapped in a damn lie Tired of feeling like my life is a damn game Nigga really wanna die in the night time Tired of feeling like I'm trapped in my damn mind Tired of feeling like I'm wrapped in a damn lie Tired of feeling like my life is a damn game Nigga really wanna die in the night time Tired of feeling like I'm trapped in my damn mind Tired of feeling like I'm wrapped in a damn lie Tired of feeling like my life is a damn game Nigga really wanna die in the night time Nigga really wanna die in the night time Nigga really wanna die in the night time Nigga really wanna die in the night time, uh Nigga really wanna die in the night time, uh Nigga really wanna die in the night time  Don't go to sleep Don't go, stay up with me Don't go, don't go to sleep Don't go, stay up and don't Ooh Don't go, don't go to sleep Don't go, stay up and don't 
Should've stayed, were there signs I ignored? Can I help you not to hurt any more? We saw brilliance when the world was asleep There are things that we can have but can't keep  If they say Who cares if one more light goes out In the sky of a million stars It flickers, flickers Who cares when someone's time runs out If a moment is all we are We're quicker, quicker Who cares if one more light goes out? Well I do  The reminders, pull the floor from your feet In the kitchen, one more chair than you need, oh And you're angry, and you should be, it's not fair Just 'cause you can't see it, doesn't mean it isn't there  If they say Who cares if one more light goes out In the sky of a million stars It flickers, flickers Who cares when someone's time runs out If a moment is all we are We're quicker, quicker Who cares if one more light goes out? Well I do  Who cares if one more light goes out In the sky of a million stars It flickers, flickers Who cares when someone's time runs out If a moment is all we are We're quicker, quicker Who cares if one more light goes out? Well I do  Well I do 
Chains on shining, you can see me riding Cocaine lined up, secrets that I'm hidin' You don't wanna find out, better off lying You don't wanna cry now, better off dying Chains on shining, you can see me riding Cocaine lined up, secrets that I'm hiding You don't wanna find out, better off lying You don't wanna cry now, better off dyin'  Baby, I'ma dive in, I don't put the time in Even if I try hard, I ain't gonna make it We ain't gonna make it We ain't gonna make it Baby, I'm dive in, I don't put the time in Even if I try hard, I ain't gonna make it We ain't gonna make it We ain't gonna make it  I ain't gonna make it But, I love it when you fake, yeah Got her little heart in my hand And I don't wanna break it I ain't gonna make it But, I love it when you fake, yeah Got her little heart in my hand And I don't wanna break it  Chains on shining, you can see me riding Cocaine lined up, secrets that I'm hidin' You don't wanna find out, better off lying You don't wanna cry now, better off dying Chains on shining, you can see me riding Cocaine lined up, secrets that I'm hidin' You don't wanna find out, better off lying You don't wanna cry now, better off dyin'  Baby, I'ma dive in, I don't put the time in Even if I try hard, I ain't gonna make it We ain't gonna make it We ain't gonna make it I ain't gonna make it But, I love it when you fake, yeah Got her little heart in my hand And I don't wanna break it 
I know you moved onto someone new Hope life is beautiful You were the life of me to find my truth  I just wanna say, thank you  Leaving to find my soul Told her I had to go And I know it ain't pretty When two hearts get broke Too young to feel this old Watching us both turn cold And I know it ain't pretty When two hearts get broke Yeah, I know it ain't pretty  When two hearts get broke  I hope someday We'll sit down together And laugh with each other About these days, these days All our troubles We'll lay to rest And we'll wish we could come back to these days These days  These days, these days These days, these days  Three years of ups and downs Nothing to show for it now  And I know it ain't pretty when the fire burns out Calling me when I'm drunk Reminding me of what I've done And I know it ain't pretty when you're trying to move on, yeah  I hope someday We'll sit down together  And laugh with each other About these days, these days All our troubles We'll lay to rest And we'll wish we could come back to these days, these days  Oh I know, I know Oh I know, I know  Oh I know, I know These days, these days Oh I know, I know Oh I know, I know Oh I know, I know To these days, these days  Cigarettes and the ash tray Reminiscing on those past days I thought you didn't know my last name But that changed And I travelled around the world Think where you living at now? I heard you moved to Oxford Got a new apartment and settled down And every once in a while I start texting Write a paragraph But then I delete the message Think 'bout you like a past time I could cry you a river Get you baptised or I wasn't ready to act right Used to always think I'd get you back, right  They say that things fall apart We were gonna move to Brooklyn You were gonna study Art Love is just a tool To remind who we are And that we are not alone And we're walking in the dark  I hope someday We'll sit down together And laugh with each other About these days, these days All our troubles We'll lay to rest And we'll wish we could come back to these days, these days We'll wish we could come back to these days, these days 
I don't mind it I don't mind at all It's like you're the swing set And I'm the kid that falls It's like the way we fight The times I've cried We come to blows And every night The passion's there So it's got to be right Right?  No I don't believe you When you say don't come around here no more I won't remind you You said we wouldn't be apart No I don't believe you When you say you don't need me anymore So don't pretend to Not love me at all  I don't mind it I still don't mind at all It's like one of those bad dreams When you can't wake up It looks like you've given up You've had enough But I want more No I won't stop Because I just know You'll come around Right?  No I don't believe you When you say don't come around here no more I won't remind you You said we wouldn't be apart No I don't believe you When you say you don't need me anymore So don't pretend to Not love me at all  Just don't stand there and watch me fall Because I, because I still don't mind at all  It's like the way we fight The times I've cried We come to blows And every night The passion's there So it's got to be right, Right?  No I don't believe you When you say don't come around here no more I won't remind you You said we wouldn't be apart No I don't believe you When you say you don't need me anymore So don't pretend to Not love me at all  I don't believe you 
I met you in the dark You lit me up You made me feel as though I was enough We danced the night away We drank too much I held your hair back when You were throwing up  Then you smiled over your shoulder For a minute, I was stone cold sober I pulled you closer to my chest And you asked me to stay over I said, I already told ya I think that you should get some rest  I knew I loved you then But you'd never know 'Cause I played it cool when I was scared of letting go I know I needed you But I never showed But I wanna stay with you Until we're grey and old Just say you won't let go Just say you won't let go  I wake you up with some breakfast in bed I'll bring you coffee With a kiss on your head And I'll take the kids to school Wave them goodbye And I'll thank my lucky stars for that night  When you looked over your shoulder For a minute, I forget that I'm older I wanna dance with you right now, oh And you look as beautiful as ever And I swear that everyday you'll get better You make me feel this way somehow  I'm so in love with you And I hope you know Darling your love is more than worth its weight in gold We've come so far my dear Look how we've grown And I wanna stay with you Until we're grey and old Just say you won't let go Just say you won't let go  I wanna live with you Even when we're ghosts 'Cause you were always there for me When I needed you most  I'm gonna love you till My lungs give out I promise till death we part Like in our vows So I wrote this song for you Now everybody knows That it's just you and me Until we're grey and old Just say you won't let go Just say you won't let go  Just say you won't let go Oh, just say you won't let go 
Help, I lost myself again But I remember you Don't come back, it won't end well But I wish you'd tell me too  Our love is six feet under I can't help but wonder If our grave was watered by the rain Would roses bloom? Could roses bloom Again?  Retrace my lips Erase your touch It's all too much for me Blow away Like smoke in air How can you die carelessly?  Our love is six feet under I can't help but wonder If our grave was watered by the rain Would roses bloom? Could roses bloom?  They're playing our sound Laying us down tonight And all of these clouds Crying us back to life But you're cold as a knife  Six feet under I can't help but wonder If our grave was watered by the rain Bloom Bloom Again  Help, I lost myself again But I remember you 
I'm not looking for you I'm not for you I'm not for you I'm not for you I'm not looking for you I'm not for you I'm not for you  Pop, pop, pop, drop this top, top, top I roll like a rock, rock n roll to the top I don't give a motherfuck, watchin' Star Wars smokin' pot I take what I got, I live till it stops Chop, chop chop, all my lungs stay rot I take what I got, you hate that you're not Like me and me I don't give a motherfuck What I am, what I'm out, polo down to my socks What person, they can't stop, I fly to the top F-f-fuck what you got, I'm off a pill, rollin' like a rock White diamonds countin' guap, I got marble on my watch I got slam doors out the front, I'll keep goin' till I'm out I got pockets like the plug, I'm movin' 'round all day Fade to grey, everythin' can't stay I smoke so much, went away I'm in leanworld, l-l-let my mind stay Whichever today, I love my brothers, we gon' slay  I'm not for you I'm not for you  I miss some places, I wish we lived on another earth You think you hate me, I know that it hurts Burn, burn, burn, my turn, turn, turn Burn, burn, burn, my turn, turn, turn  I miss some places, I wish we lived on another earth You think I hate you, I know that it hurts I burned, burned, burned, my turn, turn, turns Take a way and yearn, yearn, yearn  I'm not for you I'm not for you I'm not for you I'm not looking for you I'm not for you I'm not for you  Pop, pop, pop, drop this top, top, top I roll like a rock, rock n roll to the top I don't give a motherfuck, watchin' Star Wars smokin' pot I take what I got, I live till it stops Chop, chop chop, all my lungs stay rot I take what I got, you hate that you're not Like me and me I don't give a motherfuck What I am, what I'm out, polo down to my socks  I'm not looking for you I'm not for you I'm not for you I'm not for you I'm not looking for you I'm not for you I'm not for you 
I'm a goner, somebody catch my breath I'm a goner, somebody catch my breath I want to be known by you I want to be known by you  I'm a goner, somebody catch my breath I'm a goner, somebody catch my breath I want to be known by you I want to be known by you  Though I'm weak and beaten down I'll slip away into this sound The ghost of you is close to me I'm inside-out, you're underneath  I've got two faces, blurry's the one I'm not I've got two faces, blurry's the one I'm not I need your help to take him out I need your help to take him out  Though I'm weak and beaten down I'll slip away into this sound The ghost of you is close to me I'm inside-out, you're underneath  Though I'm weak and beaten down I'll slip away into this sound The ghost of you is close to me I'm inside-out, you're underneath  Don't let me be gone Don't let me be gone Don't let me be gone Don't let me be gone  Don't let me be Don't let me be Ah, yeah  I'm a goner, somebody catch my breath I'm a goner, somebody catch my breath I want to be known by you I want to be known by you 
Is anybody out there? Is anybody listening? Does anybody really know if it's the end of the beginning? The quiet rush of one breath Is all we're waiting for Sometimes the one we're taking Changes every one before...  It's everything you wanted, it's everything you don't It's one door swinging open and one door swinging closed Some prayers find an answer Some prayers never know We're holding on and letting go  Sometimes we're holding angels And we never even know Don't know if we'll make it, But we know, We just can't let it show  It's everything you wanted, it's everything you don't It's one door swinging open and one door swinging closed Some prayers find an answer Some prayers never know We're holding on and letting go Yeah, letting go  It's everything you wanted, it's everything you don't It's one door swinging open and one door swinging closed Some prayers find an answer Some prayers never know We're holding on and letting go  It's everything you wanted, it's everything you don't It's one door swinging open and one door swinging closed Some prayers find an answer Some prayers never know We're holding on and letting go. 
Hey, slow it down Whataya want from me? Whataya want from me? Yeah, I'm afraid Whataya want from me? Whataya want from me?  There might have been a time when I would give myself away Oh, once upon a time, I didn't give a damn But now, here we are So whataya want from me? Whataya want from me?  Just don't give up, I'm workin' it out Please don't give in, I won't let you down It messed me up, need a second to breathe Just keep coming around  Hey, whataya want from me? Whataya want from me? Whataya want from me?  Yeah, it's plain to see (it's plain to see) That baby, you're beautiful And there's nothing wrong with you (nothing wrong with you) It's me, I'm a freak (yeah) Thanks for lovin' me 'Cause you're doing it perfectly (perfectly)  Yeah, there might have been a time when I would let you slip away I wouldn't even try but I think you could save my life  Just don't give up, I'm workin' it out Please don't give in, I won't let you down It messed me up, need a second to breathe Just keep comin' around  Hey, whataya want from me? (whataya want from me?) Whataya want from me? Whataya want from me? (whataya want from me?)  Just don't give up on me I won't let you down No, I won't let you down  So... Just don't give up, I'm workin' it out Please don't give in, I won't let you down It messed me up, need a second to breathe Just keep comin' around  Hey, whataya want from me? Just don't give up, I'm workin' it out Please don't give in, I won't let you down It messed me up, need a second to breathe Just keep comin' around  Hey, whataya want from me? (Whataya want from me?) Whataya want from me? (Whataya want from me?) Whataya want from me? (Whataya want from me?) 
Sex, death, and landscapes It's all the mistakes and how you did them well I fell for you in the summer And that was bummer because you left in the spring.   Don't sigh, nothing's going to take you away from me girl.  You were there all along.   An old boy on a park bench, thinking in the past tense Looking for the words.  I'll wash my face tomorrow, and for the days that follow I'll do it all again.   Don't sigh, nothing's going to take you away from me girl.  You were there all along.   Sex, death, and landscapes It's all the mistakes and how you did them well I fell for you in the summer And that was bummer because you left in the spring.   Don't sigh, nothing's going to take you away from me girl. 
See those birds go across the sky Few thousand miles they fly How do they know which way to go Somehow they always seem to know  They say mother nature is never what we see I wish I had a little more of nature in me Wish I had a little mother nature in me  'Cause it's not bright, I'm magnetised To somebody that don't feel it Love paralyzed, just never gonna need me Sure the world keeps the moon in the sky She keeps me hanging on She keeps mee hanging on  See the couple lying on the bus Falling asleep with so much trust I wish I had a change to let them know That love is like a flower in the snow  If it's just fair amongst that may be I wish I had a little fair amongst for me I wish I had a little fair amongst for me  'Cause it's not bright I am magnetised to somebody that don't feel it Love paralyzed I know you never gonna need me Sure the world keeps the moon in the sky She keeps me hanging on She keeps mee hanging on She keeps me hanging on Love decides, water's black When you love someone that don't love you back  It's not bright, I'm magnetised To somebody that don't feel it Love paralyzed, just never gonna need me Sure if the world keeps the moon in the sky She keeps me hanging on She keeps me hanging on She keeps me hanging on She keeps me hanging on 
I see the face of yesterday's child, Living in a state of in between. Is there a place for yesterday's child, Searching for an unforgotten dream?  Looking for rainbows at midnight, Hoping tomorrow will come. Will time erase for yesterday's child? What will the child become?  I hear the voice of yesterday's child Echoing my name, my name, my name. Is there a choice for yesterday's child, Seeking shelter from the falling rain?  Chasing a butterfly lover, Making a run for the sun. Who will rejoice for yesterday's child? What is the game to be won? Will you draw? Will you fold? Will you start playing wild? What is the future for yesterday's child? Will you turn to dust, Or go to the sea, racing with destiny? Oh, look at me, Born to be yesterday's child. 
I never knew I never knew that everything was falling through That everyone I knew was waiting on a queue To turn and run when all I needed was the truth  But that's how it's got to be It's comin' down to nothing more than apathy I'd rather run the other way than stay and see The smoke and who's still standing when it clears  And everyone knows I'm in Over my head, over my head With eight seconds left in overtime She's on your mind, she's on your mind  Let's rearrange I wish you were a stranger I could disengage Just say that we agree and then never change Soften a bit until we all just get along  But that's disregard Find another friend and you discard As you lose the arguments in a cable car Hanging above as the canyon comes between  And everyone knows I'm in Over my head, over my head With eight seconds left in overtime She's on your mind, she's on your mind  Everyone knows I'm in Over my head, over my head With eight seconds left in overtime She's on your mind, she's on, oh  And suddenly, I become a part of your past I'm becoming the part that don't last I'm losing you and it's effortless  Without a sound We lose sight of the ground in the throw around Never thought that you wanted to bring it down I won't let it go down till we torch it ourselves  And everyone knows I'm in Over my head, over my head With eight seconds left in overtime She's on your mind, she's on your mind  Everyone knows she's on your mind Everyone knows I'm in over my head I'm in over my head, I'm over my...  Everyone knows I'm in Over my head, over my head With eight seconds left in overtime She's on your mind, she's on your mind 
If I should stay I would only be in your way So I'll go, but I know I'll think of you every step of the way  And I will always love you I will always love you You, my darling you, mmm  Bittersweet memories That is all I'm taking with me So goodbye, please don't cry We both know I'm not what you, you need  And I will always love you I will always love you, yeah, yeah  I hope life treats you kind And I hope you have all you've dreamed of And I wish you joy and happiness But above all this, I wish you love  And I will always love you I will always love you I will always love you I will always love you I will always love you I, I will always love you Darling, I love you I'll always, I'll always love you 
From the hot strobe lights and the spiked punch bliss And the long walks home in the dark we'll miss Nobody teaches you how to reminisce Nobody teaches you to hurt like this  Then we slide into the arms of someone else Yeah, we slide into the arms of someone else  No more coked up, broke, nocturnal kids Was that ever even us? Do we know what we missed? Nobody teaches you how to win big Nobody said there's no reverse on this  Then we slide into the arms of someone else Yeah, we slide into the arms of someone else In disguise, we get a little better at controlling ourselves around midnight Then we slide into the arms of someone else  Nobody wants to, nobody wants to Nobody wants to, nobody wants to Nobody wants to wake up alone  Then we slide into the arms of someone else Then we slide into the arms of someone else In disguise, we get a little better at controlling ourselves around midnight But then we slide into the arms of some, someone else  (Spoken Outro: David Harris) The weight of the world is love Under the burden of solitude, under the burden of dissatisfaction the weight, the weight we carry is love And so must rest in the arms of love at last, must rest in the arms of love 
Yes I do, I believe That one day I will be, where I was Right there, right next to you And it's hard, the days just seem so dark The moon, the stars, are nothing without you Your touch, your skin, where do I begin? No words can explain, the way I'm missing you The night, this emptiness, this hole that I'm inside These tears, they tell their own story  You told me not to cry when you were gone But the feeling's overwhelming, it's much too strong Can I lay by your side, next to you, you And make sure you're alright I'll take care of you And I don't want to be here if I can't be with you tonight  I'm reaching out to you Can you hear my call? This hurt that I've been through I'm missing you, missing you like crazy, daily  Can I lay by your side, next to you, you And make sure you're alright I'll take care of you And I don't want to be here if I can't be with you tonight  Lay me down tonight, lay me by your side Lay me down tonight, lay me by your side Can I lay by your side, next to you, you And make sure you're alright 
Maybe I II forget and maybe I won't I'm stuck in the moment And so far from home This lovin' nobody, it's breakin' my heart But you'll never know this wherever you are  Well maybe I don't give up easily And I know this is hard to see But I wish time would slow down So I could keep your heart around If I can make you stay another day III wait another day for you, for you  Maybe I'm love drunk, I wish that I da known What you would say if time would slow down So I could keep your heart around  If I can make you stay another day III wait another day for you Well maybe I don't give up easily Oh but I know this is hard to see But I know time won't slow down So I can keep your heart in my hands Oh but maybe if you stay a little while You might feel like I do for you 
(Feat. Gangsta Boo)  (Gangsta Boo) I try to warn 'em now they gonna feel the vengeance of the devil's daughter Horror of the clubs they fall in [Ha ha ha ha]watch out for the incisive lick of sorrow There is no tomorrow, Armageddon is getting close at hand Smoking on some green thinking of the plan to rob a man Scarecrow my nigga do you think that I can do this shit Do you think I can get away so smooth after I hit this bitch It can be done so all for one and one for fucking all Who got them nines? who got them techs? buck all y'all  (Lord Infamous) Psychedelic spirits they spiral inside a kaleidoscope Though what would happen if I traveled back in time And replaced the ten commandments with something I wrote The world would have ended some thousands years ago By the rapper Lord Infamous Scarecrow Happiness is not even an option my friend Its something that you'd never know Believe superstitions so our means Is all crazy mortals and sorcery Witches genies three wishes Give the Scarecrow permission Keys to the doorway Further the regions of your mind I'll explain the unexplainable myths and times  (Hook x4: Lord Infamous, (DJ Paul))  Triple Six is my mind state (killer killer killer killer) Bring out the power devil shit (murderer murderer murderer murderer) Trying to survive through this crime rate  (DJ Paul) Sittin' on the porch tryin' to torch till the light break Weed, then proceed to my mission as I plot escape Meanwhile, the sunset Trees blowing spookiness Twist the doorknob to my viper Inside was the mask and tech So I snoop, Koop and Boo Lord Overtaker too with me Man keys to the ceiling is what they got For me to come m-more insane Kick some doors Put some hoes On some motherfucking floors Give me the motherfucking ching ching Hoe before you go in smoke  (Koopsta Knicca) Picture this, bitch your dead Were your little kids at Have that black coat To have me blazin' with them glocks and techs Sad to see they killed The nigga was innocent Though he was guilty they figured Not knowing that he was a mafia member A mafia member found tossed in the river Juice in his hug, dent in his mug Blood scattered all over the pavement Escape but someone done saw they face Now they done got them a murder case Laying in this casket The last out they minds As they fly high wide in this gas Hoping they ass trying to relax  (Juicy J) Is it Friday the 13th, are you niggas scared As I cock my gun back, put a bullet through your head I split them dreads, whatever whatever you better beware I evilly scare, leave nothing but shells and gun smoke in the air I got them glocks, so if you run you'll hear them pop And then you'll drop, I'll come up on ya and never stop Till I reach that point, to wipe you out you hoes and haters Smoke you like joints, you should have prayed to God to save ya  (Crunchy Black) It was on a Sunday night, a nigga hit Paul back He said he had a job for us to do To meet him at the heart is on the mall a democrat My girl beeped me, she told me Paul was on his fucking way He hit me on the cellular phone, he's balling down Parkway Paul rolled up in the viper man, I jumped on the passenger seat And that's when he like stopped to explain How we gonna trust these hoes, shake them hoes Put them in the viper trunk And roll them to our stash spot And then we cut they body up 
What is it that I want? How long is it that I want it? Met you first, fifth of August End of May, 2064  Bend your knees in the forest Bend your knees when you crawl inside You believed I was flawless I believe  That the only Way it's ever gonna stop Is when desperation grows So I point out All the places on the map Where there's fragrant lemon groves  Don't forget that Everything is fake here Built for face and all for show Place a shoulder Deeper in the corner And the whole thing takes the floor  It's original To pray for sudden death Original I wear your summer dress  I'm nostalgic for life that I'm not sure was ever even mine Did I fix up houses weekends? Was I a house painter, weekend I Driving cars out of Egypt Egyptian car driver animal Love it best when it's weakest Love you best then  By the water Tower physical Is the ransom cost of rain  Every autumn Is a little shorter Every nape provides a name  It's prophetic Semper with the panic And it absolutely moves I'm more heinous, pointless and more famous Than a single family room  It's original To pray for sudden death Original I wear your summer dress  And though we're naked We're still difficult to find From a pine and needle tree As a concept, it's an empty one Not a substance of belief  Then as nothing I reclaim as nothing Bear the canyon absolutely It's lurching how much I'm reminded There's a cost of absolution  It's original To pray for sudden death Original I wear your summer dress I remember it all I never could forget Not reaching up It's stapled on my back  Not reaching up Not reaching up 
Baby what you wishin' for? Maybe you should wish it more? Maybe the world is yours? Maybe when it rains it pours? Keep on wishin' (I don't know how to wish anymore) Keep on wishin' (I don't know how to wish anymore) I got it all (Or do I)  Wish you'd get out my face, might go MIA Might just blow my brain, R.I.P Kurt Cobain I can't feel my face I can't feel my face I can't feel my face I can't feel my face  I wish you will find your chill 'Cause Lord knows this shit get real And for this price you know you'll kill And it's big brack, you know the deal And it's big slat, you know the deal Draco on big dragon fire hell Can't save me man save yourself 'Cause I do not need no help  Keep on wishin' Keep on wishin' Keep on wishin'  Baby what you wishin' for? Maybe you should wish it more? Maybe the world is yours? Maybe when it rains it pours? Keep on wishin' (I don't know how to wish anymore) Keep on wishin' (I don't know how to wish anymore) I got it all (Or do I)  Wish you'd get out my face, might go MIA Might just blow my brain, R.I.P Kurt Cobain I can't feel my face I can't feel my face I can't feel my face I can't feel my face 
Well, you almost had me fooled Told me that I was nothing without you Oh, but after everything you've done I can thank you for how strong I have become  'Cause you brought the flames and you put me through hell I had to learn how to fight for myself And we both know all the truth I could tell I'll just say this is I wish you farewell  I hope you're somewhere praying, praying I hope your soul is changing, changing I hope you find your peace Falling on your knees, praying  I'm proud of who I am No more monsters, I can breathe again And you said that I was done Well, you were wrong and now the best is yet to come 'Cause I can make it on my own And I don't need you, I found a strength I've never known I've been thrown out, I've been burned When I'm finished, they won't even know your name  You brought the flames and you put me through hell I had to learn how to fight for myself And we both know all the truth I could tell I'll just say this is I wish you farewell  I hope you're somewhere praying, praying I hope your soul is changing, changing I hope you find your peace Falling on your knees, praying  Oh, sometimes, I pray for you at night Someday, maybe you'll see the light Oh, some say, in life, you're gonna get what you give But some things only God can forgive  I hope you're somewhere praying, praying I hope your soul is changing, changing I hope you find your peace Falling on your knees, praying 
Hey, if we can solve any problem Then why do we lose so many tears? Oh, and so you go again When the leading man appears  Always the same thing Can't you see, we've got everything goin' on and on and on?  Every time you go away You take a piece of me with you Every time you go away You take a piece of me with you  Go on and go free, yeah Maybe you're too close to see I can feel your body move It doesn't mean that much to me  I can't go on sayin' the same thing 'Cause can't you see, we've got everything do you even know we know?  Every time you go away You take a piece of me with you Every time you go away You take a piece of me with you  Oh  I can't go on sayin' the same thing 'Cause baby, can't ya see, we've got everything goin' on and on and on?  Every time you go away You take a piece of me with you Every time you go away You take a piece of me with you  Picking up the pieces, ooh (Every time you go away) (You take a piece of me with you) Be careful (Every time you go away) Everytime you go (You take a piece of me with you) You take a piece of me  (Every time you go away) Oh (You take a piece of me with you) Everytime you go 
It's not a silly little moment It's not the storm before the calm This is the deep and dying breath Of this love that we've been working on  Can't seem to hold you like I want to So I can feel you in my arms Nobody's gonna come and save you We pulled too many false alarms  We're going down And you can see it, too We're going down And you know that we're doomed My dear, we're slow dancing in a burning room  I was the one you always dreamed of You were the one I tried to draw How dare you say it's nothing to me? Baby, you're the only light I ever saw I'll make the most of all the sadness You'll be a bitch because you can You'll try to hit me just hurt me So you leave me feeling dirty Cause you can't understand  We're going down And you can see it, too We're going down And you know that we're doomed My dear, we're slow dancing in a burning room  Go cry about it, why don't you? My dear, we're slow dancing in a burning room  Don't you think we oughta know by now? Don't you think we should have learned somehow? 
Open up my eyes and feel your hearbeat As we lay with your body pressed against mine And I know, and I know this very moment This will be, this will be till the end of time I want you to know  This love is more than chemical It feels unusual And I can't get enough You know-oh-oh This love is more than chemical And we're unbreakable  Oh be forevermore More than chemical  Every time the darkness falls around me I can feel you move beneath my skin Eh and Something strange is happening inside me Don't know where you end and I begin I want you to know  This love is more than chemical It feels unusual And I can't get enough You know-oh-oh This love is more than chemical And we're unbreakable  Oh be forevermore More than chemical  More than chemical 
You were the shadow to my light Did you feel us? Another star You fade away Afraid our aim is out of sight Wanna see us Alight  Where are you now? Where are you now? Where are you now? Was it all in my fantasy? Where are you now? Were you only imaginary?  Where are you now? Atlantis Under the sea Under the sea Where are you now? Another dream The monster's running wild inside of me I'm faded I'm faded So lost, I'm faded I'm faded So lost, I'm faded  These shallow waters never met what I needed I'm letting go a deeper dive Eternal silence of the sea. I'm breathing alive  Where are you now? Where are you now? Under the bright but faded lights You've set my heart on fire Where are you now? Where are you now?  Where are you now? Atlantis Under the sea Under the sea Where are you now? Another dream The monster's running wild inside of me I'm faded I'm faded So lost, I'm faded I'm faded So lost, I'm faded 
Oh, I don't know why you're not there I give you my love, but you don't care So what is right and what is wrong? Give me a sign  What is love? Baby, don't hurt me Baby, don't hurt me No more  What is love? Baby, don't hurt me Baby, don't hurt me No more  Oh, I don't know, what can I do? What else can I say? it's up to you I know we're one, just me and you I can't go on  What is love? Baby, don't hurt me Baby, don't hurt me No more  What is love? Baby, don't hurt me Baby, don't hurt me No more  I want no other, no other lover This is our life, our time When we are together, I need you forever Is it love  What is love? Baby, don't hurt me Baby, don't hurt me No more  What is love? Baby, don't hurt me Baby, don't hurt me No more  What is love? Oh, oh What is love? Oh What is love? 
Alive... cold... dead!  A life we called for was liberty to none The vision we believed in was wasted, by gone It's only a game mental awareness It's surely a play someone to gain  A mechanical existence, devil's assistance A mechanical existence, insignificant resistance A venom needs, murdering breeds We are the prime engines of great sadism We! The slaves of material achievements A venom needs, murdering breeds  Alive... cold... dead!  The meaning of our life has changed Your passage to hell is already arranged It's only a game, mental awareness It's surely a play, someone to gain  Go! Alive... cold... dead! 
It's inevitable everything that's good comes to an end It's impossible to know if after this we can still be friends, yeah I know you're saying you don't wanna hurt me Well maybe you should show a little mercy The way you look, I know you didn't come to apologize  Hey hey hey, oh why you wearing that to walk out of my life? Hey hey hey, oh even though it's over, you should stay tonight Hey hey hey, if tomorrow you won't be mine, Won't you give it to me one last time? Oh, baby let me love you goodbye  Unforgettable together, held the whole world in our hands Unexplainable, a love that only we could understand, yeah I know there's nothing I can do to change it But is there something that can be negotiated? My heart's already breaking, baby go on twist the knife  Hey hey hey, oh why you wearing that to walk out of my life? Hey hey hey, oh even though it's over, you should stay tonight Hey hey hey, if tomorrow you won't be mine, Won't you give it to me one last time? Oh, baby let me love you goodbye Oh, baby let me love you goodbye  One more taste of your lips just to bring me back To the places we've been and the nights we've had Because if this is it then at least we could end it right  Oh why you wearing that to walk out of my life? Hey hey hey, oh even though it's over, you should stay tonight, yeah Hey hey hey, if tomorrow you won't be mine, Won't you give it to me one last time? Oh, baby let me love you goodbye Oh, baby let me love you goodbye Oh, baby let me love you goodbye 
So you leave tomorrow Just sleep the night I promise I will make things right I'll make you breakfast the way you like Before you leave tomorrow Just let me try Before you leave tomorrow Before you say goodbye Before you leave tomorrow Before you leave  Stay here and lay here right in my arms It's only a moment before you're gone And I Am keeping you warm Just act like you love me so I can go on And act like you love me so I can go on  Just one more night Lying in bed Whether it's wrong or right Just gotta make sence of it And you'll be gone in the morning And you'll be over this Just one more night so I can forget  Stay here and lay here Right in my arms It's only a moment before you're gone And I am keeping you warm Just act like you love me so I can go on  When you go I can't watch you leave Just promise me you'll sneak out when I'm asleep And when you go And you're miles apart I wake up with shit everything It's just a dream  Just stay here and lay here right in my arms It's only a moment before you're gone And I am keeping you warm Just act like you love me so I can go on  Stay here and lay here right in my arms It's only a moment before you're gone And I Am keeping you warm Just act like you love me so I can go on And act like you love me so I can go on Just act like you love me so I can go on 
Gravity Is working against me And gravity Wants to bring me down  I'll never know what makes this man With all the love that his heart can stand Dream of ways to throw it all away  Gravity Is working against me And gravity Wants to bring me down  Twice as much ain't twice as good And can't sustain like one-half could It's wanting more that's gonna send me to my knees  Gravity Stay the hell away from me Gravity Has taken better men than me Now how can that be? Just keep me where the light is Keep me where the light is 
When I heard that sound When the walls came down I was thinking about you About you When my skin grows old When my breath runs cold I'll be thinking about you About you  Seconds from my heart A bullet from the dark Helpless, I surrender Shackled by your love Holding me like this With poison on your lips Only when it's over The silence hits so hard  'Cause it was almost love, it was almost love It was almost love, it was almost love  When I heard that sound When the walls came down I was thinking about you About you When my skin grows old When my breath runs cold I'll be thinking about you About you  When I run out of air to breathe It's your ghost I see I'll be thinking about you, about you It was almost love, it was almost...  We bleed ourselves in vain How tragic is this game? Turn around, I'm holding on to someone But the love is gone Carrying the load, with wings that feel like stone Knowing that we nearly fell so far now It's hard to tell  Yeah we came so close, it was almost love It was almost love, it was almost love  When I heard that sound When the walls came down I was thinking about you About you When my skin grows old When my breath runs cold I'll be thinking about you About you  When I run out of air to breathe It's your ghost I see I'll be thinking about you, about you  While I reached out for your hand When the walls were caving in When I see you on the other side We can try all over again  When I heard that sound When the walls came down I was thinking about you About you When my skin grows old When my breath runs cold I'll be thinking about you About you  When I run out of air to breathe It's your ghost I see I'll be thinking about you, about you  'Cause it was almost love, it was almost love It was almost love, it was almost love 
The end of the night We should say goodbye But we carry on While everyone's gone  Never felt like this before Are we friends or are we more? As I'm walking towards the door I'm not sure  But baby if you say you want me to stay I'll change my mind 'Cause I don't want to know I'm walking away If you'll be mine Won't go, won't go So baby if you say you want me to stay Stay for the night I'll change my mind  Lean in when you laugh We take photographs There's no music on But we dance alone  Never felt like this before Are we friends or are we more? As I'm walking towards the door I'm not sure  But baby if you say you want me to stay I'll change my mind 'Cause I don't want to know I'm walking away If you'll be mine Won't go, won't go So baby if you say you want me to stay Stay for the night I'll change my mind I'll change my mind  Baby if you say you want me to stay I'll change my mind  But baby if you say you want me to stay I'll change my mind 'Cause I don't want to know I'm walking away If you'll be mine Won't go, won't go So baby if you say you want me to stay Stay for the night I'll change my mind 
Dreams, that's where I have to go To see your beautiful face anymore I stare at a picture of you And listen to the radio  Hope, hope there's a conversation We both admit we had it good But until then it's alienation I know that much is understood  And I realize If you ask me how I'm doing I would say I'm doing just fine I would lie and say that you're not on my mind  But I go out and I sit down at a table set for two And finally I'm forced to face the truth No matter what I say, I'm not over you Not over you  Damn, damn girl, you do it well And I thought you were innocent Took this heart and put it through hell But still you're magnificent  I, I'm a boomerang Doesn't matter how you throw me Turn around and I'm back in the game Even better than the old me But I'm not even close without you  If you ask me how I'm doing I would say I'm doing just fine I would lie and say that you're not on my mind  But I go out and I sit down at a table set for two And finally I'm forced to face the truth No matter what I say, I'm not over you  And if I had the chance to renew You know there isn't a thing I wouldn't do I could get back on the right track But only if you'd be convinced  So until then If you ask me how I'm doing I would say I'm doing just fine I would lie and say that you're not on my mind  But I go out and I sit down at a table set for two And finally I'm forced to face the truth No matter what I say, I'm not over you  Not over you Not over you Not over you 
Do me, I'mma do me I'mma make her mine, I'mma make her mine I fuck the shine, I said fuck the shine Bitch, I grind, bitch, I grind Yung Lean swerving in see me fucked up See me swervin' through, they want me locked up Been locked up, in my own mind My thoughts will never be shallow  I got an empire of emotional Squad see me crusin', crusin' in my go kart I'm War ho, I'm Warhol I'm Wario when I'm in Mario Kart Topping the charts, ace in my cards Choppa my locka when I'm writing these bars Koka Kola Veins, I'm insane Trip through memory lane Out in Narashino and I see my own white shadows A tad too close Rad with a bad diagnose Coke-filled nose Too weird for them other fuccbois Catch Lean and sad boys Out in Europe, sippin' cristal I'm smoking loud with my lost boys All this money don't make me sad though Rubber bands in my pants bur Don't close your eyes and lean back though Y'all ain't ready for the lean attack though Lean, lean, lean, yunging with my Team Pumping RZA eating pizza, man I'm living my dreams  (Fuck your bitch in the mouth)  Do me, I'mma do me I'mma make her mine, I'mma make her mine I fuck the shine, I said fuck the shine Bitch, I grind, bitch, I grind Yung Lean swerving in see me fucked up See me swervin' through, they want me locked up Been locked up, in my own mind My thoughts will never be shallow  Do me, I'mma do me I'mma make her mine, I'mma make her mine I fuck the shine, I said fuck the shine Bitch, I grind, bitch, I grind Yung Lean swerving in see me fucked up See me swervin' through, they want me locked up Been locked up, in my own mind My thoughts will never be shallow  My life I've comprehended, it's not a lie I'm dependent on my team When I send it, I spit fire I'm an element I'm everything, you're irrelevant Take it easy, yeah we getting it BBC pants yeah I'm getting rich All this love I'm melting it Don't let me down I'm not meant for it If you ask me, I might come for it I'll take back to the rain forest My heart and soul, yeah you tore it I don't want to be here, but my lives more of it There's more of it S-A-D B-O-Y-S See me in the club with it tatted on my chest S-A-D B-O-Y-S See me in the cut with it tatted on my chest See me on the bus, blowing sesh Nothing less, we the best, fuck the rest Water in my lungs, finna quest I won't hit the earth Fire, water, dirt Too turnt, too burnt Make mistakes, I guess I'll never learn See, see that's my firm Nike, Nike on my shirt Bubbles bubbles, blowing bubbles But I guess they'll never burst An empire of my state of mind I'mma do me, I'mma make it mine I say fuck the shine, I say fuck the shine Bitch I grind, bitch I grind I'm hard to find  Do me, I'mma do me I'mma make her mine, I'mma make her mine I fuck the shine, I said fuck the shine Bitch, I grind, bitch, I grind Yung Lean swerving in see me fucked up See me swervin' through, they want me locked up Been locked up, in my own mind My thoughts will never be shallow  Do me, I'mma do me I'mma make her mine, I'mma make her mine I fuck the shine, I said fuck the shine Bitch, I grind, bitch, I grind Yung Lean swerving in see me fucked up See me swervin' through, they want me locked up Been locked up, in my own mind My thoughts will never be shallow  Do me, I'mma do me I'mma make her mine, I'mma make her mine I fuck the shine, I said fuck the shine Bitch, I grind, bitch, I grind Yung Lean swerving in see me fucked up See me swervin' through, they want me locked up Been locked up, in my own mind My thoughts will never be shallow 
Unfortunately, we are not licensed to display the full lyrics for this song at the moment. Hopefully we will be able to in the future. Until then... how about a random page? 
I saw you fell asleep while you were reading The pages on your face you had been weeping And I saw what it was that I had done  Last night we fell apart and broke to pieces Our love was in hall all packed in boxes And I saw what it was that I had done to you  I was wrong I was wrong Yeah I was wrong I was wrong 
I have a bone to pick with you 'Cause you're lazy like a bone You pull all the stops  Lies all are said and done Lies soon catch up with one You pull all the stops  I work my fingers to the bone And you just didn't run But yet you're having fun  I have a bone to pick with you 'Cause you're lazy like a bone You pull all the stops  I have a bone to pick with you 'Cause you're lazy like a bone You pull all the stops  I have a bone to pick with you 'Cause you're lazy like a bone You pull all the stops  I have a bone to pick with you 'Cause you're lazy like a bone You pull all the stops  I have a bone to pick with you 'Cause you're lazy like a bone You pull all the stops  I feel you in my bones And make no bones about  I feel you in my bones And make no bones about  I feel you in my bones And make no bones about  I feel you in my bones And make no bones about  Well you're running with the hare And hunting with the hounds I'm a bag of bones Can you sign my bones  Well you're running with the hare And hunting with the hounds I'm a bag of bones Can you sign my bones  Well you're running with the hare (Well you're running with the hare) And hunting with the hounds (And hunting with the hounds) I'm a bag of bones (I'm a bag of bones) Can you sign my bones (Can you sign my bones)  Well you're running with the hare (Well you're running with the hare) And hunting with the hounds (And hunting with the hounds) I'm a bag of bones (I'm a bag of bones) Can you sign my bones (Can you sign my bones) 
Everybody needs inspiration, Everybody needs a soul A beautiful melody When the nights are long  'Cause there is no guarantee That this life is easy  Yeah, when my world is falling apart When there's no light to break up the dark That's when I, I I look at you  When the waves Are flooding the shore and I can't Find my way home anymore That's when I, I I look at you  When I look at you I see forgiveness I see the truth You love me for who I am Like the stars hold the moon Right there where they belong And I know I'm not alone  Yeah, when my world is falling apart When there's no light to break up the dark That's when I, I I look at you  When the waves Are flooding the shore and I can't Find my way home anymore That's when I, I I look at you  You appear just like a dream to me Just like kaleidoscope colors that Cover me, all I need every Breath that I breathe don't you know You're beautiful  Yeah, yeah, yeah  When the waves Are flooding the shore and I can't Find my way home anymore That's when I, I I look at you I look at you  Yeah yeah oh oh  And you appear just like a dream To me 
I tell myself you don't mean a thing And what we got, got no hold on me But when you're not there I just crumble I tell myself I don't care that much But I feel like I've died, 'til I feel your touch  Only love, only love can hurt like this Only love can hurt like this Must have been a deadly kiss Only love can hurt like this  Say I wouldn't care if you walked away But every time you're there I'm begging you to stay And when you come close I just tremble And every time, every time you go It's like a knife that cuts right to my soul  Only love, only love can hurt like this Only love can hurt like this Must have been a deadly kiss Only love can hurt like this  Only love can hurt like this Your kisses burn into my skin Only love can hurt like this  But it's the sweetest pain Burning hot through my veins Love is torture makes me more sure  Only love can hurt like this  Only love can hurt like this Only love can hurt like this Must have been a deadly kiss Only love can hurt like this Only love can hurt like this Your kisses burn into my skin Only love can hurt like this  (Only love can hurt like this) Only love can hurt like this (Only love can hurt) Save me, save me Only love, only love 'Cause only love can hurt like this And it must have been a deadly kiss 
Some legends are told, some turn to dust or to gold But you will remember me, remember me for centuries And just one mistake is all it will take We'll go down in history, remember me for centuries  Hey ya, oh hey Hey ya, remember me for centuries  Mummified my teenage dreams No, it's nothing wrong with me The kids are all wrong, the story's all off Heavy metal broke my heart Come on, come on and let me in Them bruises on your thighs like my fingerprints And this is s'posed to match the darkness that you felt I never meant for you to fix yourself  Some legends are told, some turn to dust or to gold But you will remember me, remember me for centuries And just one mistake is all it will take We'll go down in history, remember me for centuries  Hey ya, oh hey Hey ya, remember me for centuries  I can't stop 'til the whole world knows my name 'Cause I was only born inside my dreams Until you die for me, as long as there's a light My shadow's over you, 'cause I, I am the opposite of amnesia And you're a cherry blossom, you're about to bloom You look so pretty, but you're gone so soon  Some legends are told, some turn to dust or to gold But you will remember me, remember me for centuries And just one mistake is all it will take We'll go down in history, remember me for centuries  Hey ya, oh hey Hey ya, remember me for centuries  We've been here forever And here's the frozen proof I could scream forever We are the poisoned youth  Some legends are told, some turn to dust or to gold But you will remember me, remember me for centuries And just one mistake is all it will take We'll go down in history, remember me for centuries  Hey ya, oh hey We'll go down in history Remember me for centuries 
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing Just praying to a god that I don't believe in 'Cause I got time while she got freedom 'Cause when a heart breaks, no, it don't break even  Her best days will be some of my worst She finally met a man who's gonna put her first While I'm wide awake, she's no trouble sleeping 'Cause when a heart breaks, no, it don't break even, even, no  What am I supposed to do When the best part of me was always you? And what am I supposed to say When I'm all choked up that you're okay? I'm falling to pieces, yeah I'm falling to pieces  They say bad things happen for a reason But no wise words gonna stop the bleeding 'Cause she's moved on while I'm still grieving And when a heart breaks, no, it don't break even, even, no  And what am I gonna do When the best part of me was always you? And what am I supposed to say When I'm all choked up that you're okay  I'm falling to pieces, yeah I'm falling to pieces, yeah I'm falling to pieces (One still in love while the other one's leaving) I'm falling to pieces ('Cause when a heart breaks, no, it don't break even)  Oh you got his heart and my heart and none of the pain You took your suitcase, I took the blame Now I'm tryin' to make sense of what little remains Oh 'cause you left me with no love, and no love to my name  I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing Just praying to a god that I don't believe in 'Cause I got time while she got freedom 'Cause when a heart breaks no, it don't break No it don't break, no it don't break even no  What am I gonna do When the best part of me was always you? And what am I supposed to say When I'm all choked up and you're okay?  I'm falling to pieces, yeah I'm falling to pieces, yeah I'm falling to pieces (One still in love while the other one's leaving) I'm falling to pieces ('Cause when a heart breaks, no, it don't break even)  Oh, it don't break even, no Oh, it don't break even, no Oh, it don't break even, no 
Pew Get money, yeah yeah Get money, yeah, get money Get money, yeah, yeah Get money, yeah yeah (get money) Get money, yeah yeah Yeah Get money, yeah yeah  Like ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh Like ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh Why you gotta sleep on my crew? You know that my VVS' blue Like ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh Like ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh My gang gonna eat real soon (yeah, yeah, yeah) All you little haters is doomed  Ooh, wait, wait, ooh Ooh, wait, ooh, ooh (whoa, whoa) Get money, yah, yah Get money, yah, yah Get money, yah, yah (oh my) Get money, yah, yah (oh my)  Like wait, wait, uh, ska-ate, uh Spin on my dick like a Beyblade, uh My dick'll hit her like AK, uh These boys is mad 'cause they basic, uh Tie up your lace, why you trippin' like ay? Run up, get done up, say this every day Uh, these niggas jealous and uh Boy you is bitter like medicine, uh Are you okay, bitch? Uh Slap that pussy like I'm Jason, uh Huh, fuck on my face, bitch, uh 1-0 like the Matrix, uh Nigga try me, I tell ice to go get ya Fuck around, I keep a blade like the Witcher I want your auntie, your grandma, your sister I eat the pussy for breakfast and dinner  Like ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh Like ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh Why you gotta sleep on my crew? You know that my VVS' blue Like ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh Like ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh My gang gonna eat real soon (yeah, yeah, yeah) All you little haters is doomed  Ooh, wait, wait, ooh Ooh, wait, ooh, ooh (whoa, whoa) Get money, yah, yah Get money, yah, yah Get money, yah, yah Get money, yah, yah 
There's a fire starting in my heart Reaching a fever pitch and it's bringin' me out the dark  Finally, I can see you crystal clear Go ahead and sell me out and I'll lay your shit bare  See how I'll leave with every piece of you Don't underestimate the things that I will do  There's a fire starting in my heart Reaching a fever pitch and it's bringin' me out the dark  The scars of your love remind me of us They keep me thinkin' that we almost had it all  The scars of your love, they leave me breathless I can't help feeling  We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep)  You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) And you played it to the beat (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep)  Baby, I have no story to be told But I've heard one on you and I'm gonna make your head burn  Think of me in the depths of your despair Make a home down there as mine sure won't be shared  (You're gonna wish you never had met me) The scars of your love remind me of us (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) They keep me thinking that we almost had it all  (You're gonna wish you never had met me) The scars of your love, they leave me breathless (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep) I can't help feeling  We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep)  You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) And you played it to the beat (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep)  Could have had it all Rolling in the deep  You had my heart inside of your hand But you played it with a beating  Throw your soul through every open door (Wohh ho ho oh) Count your blessings to find what you look for (Wohh oh oh oh)  Turn my sorrow into treasured gold (Wohh ho ho oh) You'll pay me back in kind and reap just what you sow  (You're gonna wish you never had met me) We could have had it all (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep)  We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) It all, it all, it all (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep)  We could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep)  You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) And you played it to the beat (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep)  Could have had it all (You're gonna wish you never had met me) Rolling in the deep (Tears are gonna fall, rolling in the deep)  You had my heart inside of your hand (You're gonna wish you never had met me) But you played it, you played it, you played it You played it to the beat 
From walking home and talking loads To seeing shows in evening clothes with you From nervous touch to getting drunk To staying up and waking up with you  But now we're sleeping at the edge Holding something we don't need All this delusion in our heads Is gonna bring us to our knees  So come on let it go Just let it be Why don't you be you And I'll be me  Everything's that's broke Leave it to the breeze Why don't you be you And I'll be me  And I'll be me  From throwing clothes across the floor To teeth and claws and slamming doors at you If this is all we're living for Why are we doing it, doing it, doing it anymore  I used to recognize myself It's funny how reflections change When we're becoming something else I think it's time to walk away  So come on let it go Just let it be Why don't you be you And I'll be me  Everything's that's broke Leave it to the breeze Why don't you be you And I'll be me  And I'll be me  Trying to fit your hand inside of mine When we know it just don't belong There's no force on earth Could make me feel right, no  Whoa  Trying to push this problem up the hill When it's just too heavy to hold Think now's the time to let it slide  So come on let it go Just let it be Why don't you be you And I'll be me  Everything's that's broke Leave it to the breeze Let the ashes fall Forget about me  Come on let it go Just let it be Why don't you be you And I'll be me  And I'll be me 
Close enough to start a war All that I have is on the floor God only knows what we're fighting for All that I say, you always say more  I can't keep up with your turning tables Under your thumb, I can't breathe  So I won't let you close enough to hurt me No, I won't rescue, you to just desert me I can't give you the heart you think you gave me It's time to say goodbye to turning tables To turning tables  Under haunted skies I see you Ooh, where love is lost, your ghost is found I've braved a hundred storms to leave you As hard as you try, no, I will never be knocked down  I can't keep up with your turning tables Under your thumb, I can't breathe  So I won't let you close enough to hurt me No, I won't rescue, you to just desert me I can't give you the heart you think you gave me It's time to say goodbye to turning tables To turning tables  Next time I'll be braver I'll be my own saviour When the thunder calls for me Next time I'll be braver I'll be my own saviour Standing on my own two feet  I won't let you close enough to hurt me, no I won't rescue you to just desert me I can't give you the heart you think you gave me It's time to say goodbye to turning tables To turning tables Turning tables, yeah Turning, oh... 
Sometimes I'm beaten Sometimes I'm broke 'Cause sometimes this city is nothing but smoke Is there a secret? Is there a code? Can we make it better? 'Cause I'm losing hope  Tell me how to be in this world Tell me how to breathe in and feel no hurt Tell me how 'cause I believe in something I believe in us  After the wreckage After the dust I still hear the howling, I still feel the rush Over the riots, above all the noise Through all the worry, I still hear your voice  So, tell me how to be in this world Tell me how to breathe in and feel no hurt Tell me how 'cause I believe in something I believe in us Tell me when the light goes down That even in the dark we will find a way out Tell me now 'cause I believe in something I believe in us  We used to be kids living just for kicks In cinema seats, learning how to kiss Running through streets that were painted gold We never believed we'd grow up like this  So tell me how to be in this world Tell me how to breathe in and feel no hurt Tell me how 'cause I believe in something I believe in us Tell me when the light goes down That even in the dark we can find a way out Tell me now 'cause I believe in something I believe in us I believe in something And I believe in us 
There's a bright golden haze on the meadow There's a bright golden haze on the meadow The corn is as high as an elephant's eye And it looks like it's climbing clear up in the sky Oh, what a beautiful mornin' Oh, what a beautiful day I got a beautiful feelin' Everything's goin' my way All the cattle are standin' like statues All the cattle are standin' like statues They don't turn their heads as they see me ride by But a little brown maverick is winkin' her eye Oh, what a beautiful mornin' Oh, what a beautiful day I got a beautiful feelin' Everything's goin' my way All the sounds of the earth are like music All the sounds of the earth are like music The breeze is so busy it don't miss a tree And an old weepin' willer is laughin' at me Oh, what a beautiful mornin' Oh, what a beautiful day I got a beautiful feelin' Everything's goin' my way 
I said even if it kills me I'ma always keep it real, b Yeah, ya dig Yeah, yeah, yeah I, yeah I, yeah I  I said even if it kills me, even if it kills me, I'ma win Yeah, I said even if it kills me, even if it kills me, I'ma win (huh) I said even if it kills me Even if it kills me Even if it kills me  Hold 'up, ay Put that on my momma, fuck that drama I'ma keep getting these commas On my momma, got a nigga ballin' like I'm Iguodala For the dollar, I go brazy on this set Keep a ratchet it go 'blat!' If you talk down you get blessed With this yoppa at your neck, I don't want no smoke I don't play no games, I don't tell no jokes If a nigga try me best believe that nigga gettin' poked Got this water on my neck, you try to take it you get soaked (uh) That's that heat wave, let the heat blaze Left hand came back, like LeBron Heat days Keep the peace, ay, gotta keep the peace way 'Cause it get real, nigga, for Pete's sake  I said, even if it kills me, even if it kills me, I'ma win Yeah, I said even if it kills me, even if it kills me, I'ma win (huh) I said even if it kills me Even if it kills me Even if it kills me  Yeah, put that on my mom Put that on my mom Put that on my mom, put that on my mom Put that on my mom, even if it kills me, even if it kills me, ay Even if it kills me, ay Even if it, ay Even if it, ay  I said, even if it kills me, even if it kills me, even if it kills me 
I was walking away, But she's so beautiful it made me stay I don't know her name, But I'm hoping she might feel the same So here I go again, She got my heart again!  Tonight we'll dance I'll be yours and you'll be mine We won't look back, Take my hand and we will shine Oh, oh, oh She needs a wild heart She needs a wild heart I got a wild heart  Stay here, my dear, Feels like I've been standing right here for years My mind's beat up Tell me that you feel this, and I won't give up I won't give up  Tonight we'll dance I'll be yours and you'll be mine We won't look back, Take my hand and we will shine Oh, oh, oh She needs a wild heart She needs a wild heart I got a wild heart Oh, oh, oh She needs a wild heart She needs a wild heart I got a wild heart  And I know it's late, I know it's cold But come right here, I swear I'll never let you go The way you move-it's wonderful Let's do it now, 'cause one day we'll both be old Oh whoa oh  Tonight we'll dance I'll be yours and you'll be mine We won't look back, Take my hand and we will shine Oh, oh, oh She needs a wild heart She needs a wild heart I got a wild heart  Tonight we'll dance I'll be yours and you'll be mine We won't look back, Take my hand and we will shine Oh, oh, oh She needs a wild heart She needs a wild heart I got a wild heart Oh, oh, oh She needs a wild heart She needs a wild heart I've got a wild heart 
I feel so happy Happy that I'm free And I can see things Things I couldn't see  I can be out every night (Yeah, yeah, yeah) No one else holding me down (Yeah, yeah, yeah) I can do just what I like (Yeah, yeah, yeah)  But I can't fall in love without you I can't fall in love without you I can't fall in love without you I can't fall in love without you Please don't fall in love without me  I hope you're sorry Can't find the words to say Hope you're always worried Worrying 'bout me  Don't you think I give a fuck? (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Give a fuck 'bout who you fuck? (Yeah, yeah, yeah) But I hope you can get it up (Yeah, yeah, yeah)  'Cause I can't fall in love without you I can't fall in love without you I can't fall in love without you I can't fall in love without you Please don't fall in love without me  I can't fall in love without you I can't fall in love without you So please don't fall in love without me 
You're setting off, It's time to go, the engine's running My mind is lost, We always knew this day was coming And now it's more frightening than it's ever gonna be  We grow apart, I watch you on the red horizon Your lion's heart Will protect you under stormy skies And I will always be listening for your laughter and your tears  And as soon as I can hold you once again I won't let go of you, I swear  We live through scars this time But I've made up my mind We can't leave us behind anymore  Your hands are cold, Your lips are turning blue, you're shaking This fragile heart, So heavy in my chest, it's breaking And in the dark, you try to make a pay phone call to me  But you're miles away, You're breaking up, you're on your own It's hard to take, I need an hour just to say hello And I can't make the truth of this work out for you or me  And for all the pennies in your pocket We barely get a second just to speak  We live through scars this time But I've made up my mind We can't leave us behind anymore We'll have to hurt for now But next time there's no doubt 'Cause I can't go without you anymore  Oh, no, no Oh, oh.  We live through scars this time But I've made up my mind We can't leave us behind anymore We'll have to hurt for now But next time, there's no doubt 'Cause I can't go without you 
You and I, We're like fireworks and symphonies exploding in the sky. With you, I'm alive Like all the missing pieces of my heart, they finally collide.  So stop time right here in the moonlight, 'Cause I don't ever wanna close my eyes.  Without you, I feel broke. Like I'm half of a whole. Without you, I've got no hand to hold. Without you, I feel torn. Like a sail in a storm. Without you, I'm just a sad song. I'm just a sad song.  With you I fall. It's like I'm leaving all my past in silhouettes up on the wall. With you I'm a beautiful mess. It's like we're standing hand in hand with all our fears up on the edge.  So stop time right here in the moonlight, 'Cause I don't ever wanna close my eyes.  Without you, I feel broke. Like I'm half of a whole. Without you, I've got no hand to hold. Without you, I feel torn. Like a sail in a storm. Without you, I'm just a sad song.  You're the perfect melody, The only harmony I wanna hear. You're my favorite part of me, With you standing next to me, I've got nothing to fear.  Without you, I feel broke. Like I'm half of a whole. Without you, I've got no hand to hold. Without you, I feel torn. Like a sail in a storm. Without you, I'm just a sad song.  Without you, I feel broke. Like I'm half of a whole. Without you, I've got no hand to hold. Without you, I feel torn. Like a sail in a storm. Without you, I'm just a sad song. I'm just a sad song. 
Verse#1: u ain't bout dat murda murda shit you ain't down to lose yo cool an go and hurt a bitch we got da hook up on den rentals now we murkin shit pen it up spend it up and let dat 30 spit bitch do you want yo fuckin' family in black clothes da bitches in black dresses da niggaz in black bo's you ain't know I'm cut throat canival I'm a bottom boi suvivor sip syrip 'n' smoke fire and I'm wilder dan a average thug I'm hard headed my mama told me dat and you gotta be real all diz drama showed me dat lose ya mind if you want to I got a click of real niggaz who gone stomp you and want you to be hollin bout dat iron day 'n' we gon hit yo street tonight not da next day dat nigga don't worry bout dat dey gon get wat dey deserve off dat we gone cut down day whole curve off dat  Chrous:u ain't bout wat you be talkin' 'bout you ain't ready 4 yo mama to be walkin' out in fact at church wit all yo people cryin hollin bout y u had to take my son datz wat dem choppaz bout (2 times)  Verse #2 (webbie): You ain't really bout dat shit you be talkin' so stop all dat talkin' you heard stop all dat talkin' and walkin' if you gone serve me den serve me and I'm lil trill entertainment so know 1 thang I ain't worried 'cause my family do damage business and handle this murda niggaz sweeter dan skittles so dey spittin' in rittles and dat lil shit dat you spittin' gon have you sleep in hospitals and if you beef wit my niggas look we gone really squad up from choppaz to a 6 bitch you can't avoid you rappin' bout smokin' dat killa don't even smoke killa even if you did I wouldn't even smoke wit ya you bitch you fraud fake you mothafuckin flu pussy all wet ya fuckin' booty all loose you and den otha niggaz duck duck goose under da throw back jersey da best bullet proofgangsta shit jump off boy you know you finna run out close yo fuckin' mouth 4 I rip yo damn tongue out.  (Say Chorus 2 Times)  Verse #3:uaintboutunderniggas house like a mouse and you light his ass up when he come out we get sick wit it you heard about lil trell guned down when he wuz 12 every since den it been hell webbie and dey don't live like we live dey don't deal like we deal like we deal dey ain't real like we real look I'm form dat track like da bottom of dat ssb what eva you call it dat shit lives in me my niggas kill 4 free like lil trell on da love and my niggas ain't my equal and dey hatin' on diz lil thug a lot of niggaz scared of y'all but not me diz 4 dem niggaz in da rap game who not me but can't stop me and my possie is full of thugz like head bussa baby junior and my nigga jug we dumpin slugz on da enemy I thought you wuz my closest friend but now you just a friend of me and diz fuckin' penatentry make niggaz thank dey real and when dey get out dey got a nerve to pop a pill and lil kill they ain't bout what dey be talkin' bout 
She was always the first one to lend a helping hand Torn by conviction, bound by circumstance  And he was angry, mad at the world So he took it out on the girl He had to raise his hands Use her like a punching bag To prove he was a man  One girl, slightly used Broken, damaged goods  She sits alone in a third floor walk-up Across from the liquor store Huggin' a bottle, till a man can keep her warm  She checks the mail, not once but twice a day For an answer to the ad she placed Bold type, printed in red Seven words I can't forget Simply it read  One girl, slightly used Broken, damaged goods Someday this will end She will live again  She was always the first one to lend a helping hand Torn by conviction  One girl, slightly used Broken, damaged goods Someday this will end She will live again Live again Someday, someday... 
Remember those walls I built? Well, baby, they're tumbling down And they didn't even put up a fight They didn't even make a sound I found a way to let you in But I never really had a doubt Standing in the light of your halo I got my angel now  It's like I've been awakened Every rule I had you breakin' It's the risk that I'm takin' I ain't never gonna shut you out  Everywhere I'm looking now I'm surrounded by your embrace Baby, I can see your halo You know you're my saving grace You're everything I need and more It's written all over your face Baby, I can feel your halo Pray it won't fade away  I need your halo (halo) halo I need your halo (halo) halo I need your halo (halo) halo I needyour halo (halo) halo Whoa  Hit me like a ray of sun Burning through my darkest night You're the only one that I want Think I'm addicted to your light I swore I'd never fall again But this don't even feel like falling Gravity can't forget To pull me back to the ground again  Feels like I've been awakened Every rule I had you breakin' The risk that I'm takin' I'm never gonna shut you out  Everywhere I'm looking now I'm surrounded by your embrace Baby, I can see your halo You know you're my saving grace You're everything I need and more It's written all over your face Baby, I can feel your halo Pray it won't fade away  I can feel your halo (halo) halo I can see your halo (halo) halo I can feel your halo (halo) halo I can see your halo (halo) halo Halooo, ooh Halooo, ooh Halooo, ooh Ooh, ooh, ooh  Everywhere I'm looking now I'm surrounded by your embrace Baby, I can see your halo You know you're my saving grace You're everything I need and more It's written all over your face Baby, I can feel your halo Pray it won't fade away  I can feel your halo (halo) halo I can see your halo (halo) halo I can feel your halo (halo) halo I can see your halo (halo) halo 
Spend all your time waiting For that second chance For a break that would make it okay There's always some reason To feel not good enough And it's hard at the end of the day I need some distraction Oh a beautiful release Memories seep from my veins And maybe empty Oh and weightless and maybe I'll find some peace tonight  In the arms of the angel Fly away from here From this dark cold hotel room And the endlessness that you fear You are pulled from the wreckage Of your silent reverie You're in the arms of the angel May you find some comfort here  So tired of the straight line And everywhere you turn There's vultures and thieves at your back The storm keeps on twisting Keep on building the lies That you make up for all that you lack It don't make no difference Escaping one last time It's easier to believe In this sweet madness Oh this glorious sadness That brings me to my knees  In the arms of the angel Fly away from here From this dark cold hotel room And the endlessness that you fear You are pulled from the wreckage Of your silent reverie You're in the arms of the angel May you find some comfort here  You're in the arms of the angel May you find some comfort here 
You're giving me a million reasons to let you go You're giving me a million reasons to quit the show You're givin' me a million reasons Give me a million reasons Givin' me a million reasons About a million reasons  If I had a highway, I would run for the hills If you could find a dry way, I'd forever be still But you're giving me a million reasons Give me a million reasons Givin' me a million reasons About a million reasons  I bow down to pray I try to make the worst seem better Lord, show me the way To cut through all his worn out leather I've got a hundred million reasons to walk away But baby, I just need one good one to stay  Head stuck in a cycle, I look off and I stare It's like that I've stopped breathing, but completely aware 'Cause you're giving me a million reasons Give me a million reasons Givin' me a million reasons About a million reasons  And if you say something that you might even mean It's hard to even fathom which parts I should believe 'Cause you're giving me a million reasons Give me a million reasons Givin' me a million reasons About a million reasons  I bow down to pray I try to make the worst seem better Lord, show me the way To cut through all his worn out leather I've got a hundred million reasons to walk away But baby, I just need one good one to stay  Hey, eh, eh, ey Baby I'm bleedin', bleedin' Stay, eh, ehhy Can't you give me what I'm needin', needin' Every heartbreak makes it hard to keep the faith But baby, I just need one good one Good one, good one, good one, good one, good one  When I bow down to pray I try to make the worst seem better Lord, show me the way To cut through all this worn out leather I've got a hundred million reasons to walk away But baby, I just need one good one, good one Tell me that you'll be the good one, good one Baby, I just need one good one to stay 
I took my love and I took it down I climbed a mountain and I turned around And I saw my reflection in the snow-covered hills Well, the landslide brought me down  Oh, mirror in the sky, what is love Can the child within my heart rise above Can I sail through the changing ocean tides Can I handle the seasons of my life  Uh ah (uh ah) Uh ah (uh ah), uh ahhh  Well, I've been afraid of changin' 'Cause I build my life around you But time makes it bolder Children get older And I'm getting older too Well  (Mandolin solo)  Well, I've been afraid of changin' 'Cause I build my life around you But time makes it bolder Children get older And I'm getting older too Well, I'm getting older too  So, take this love and take it down Yeah, and if you climb a mountain and you turn around And if you see my reflection in the snow-covered hills Well, the landslide brought me down  And if you see my reflection in the snow-covered hills Well, maybe Well, maybe Well, maybe... the landslide will bring you down 
All our dreams sleep tonight They'll be safe as we fight In the journey of the best  And I know I've cost you a lot of blues Now the last one's playing for you But I couldn't go without letting you know this  I guess our love somehow Was too crazy to work out I'm crazy 'bout you But I can't, it just can't do  And we wait 'til the morning Then our lives are moving on With no words, you'll do fine  But I never wanna know the name Of your new girlfriend Never wanna hear about her Keep distance away  I never wanna know Never wanna know Never wanna know Never wanna know  I dry my eyes on the highway And think about why I couldn't stay And why I should have, 'cause I love you  But the wind blows again And life moves on, my friend With some words we wrote down  But I never wanna know the name Of your new girlfriend Never wanna hear about her Keep distance away  I never wanna know Never wanna know Never wanna know Never wanna know  Hey, all of a sudden I was brain-dead and rattled With the thoughts of you and I, and I wanted to goodbye you But the nights are so cold, how I need your human soul I would never let you go If I'd been a little older  No, no, I never wanna know No, no, I never wanna hear about her Keep distance away  I never wanna know Never wanna know Never wanna know Never wanna know  I never wanna know the name Of your new girlfriend Never wanna hear about her Keep distance away 
Stick, stick to your stones cause that's all you know I was caught in the middle I swallow my words down to the bone 'Cause nothing's that simple  Late at night you pour it out Know that only brings you down  But go ahead give me all the blame Twist my words and set them to flame, whoa We all know That you'll go tell all of your friends That I'm the one you wish you never met And whoa We all know  The story never ends, ends The story never ends, ends  Wound me like a toy spinning too fast In every direction How, how could I stay when you lit a match to all my intentions?  Late at night you pour it out Know that only brings you down  But go ahead give me all the blame Twist my words and set them to flame, whoa We all know That you'll go tell all of your friends That I'm the one you wish you never met And whoa We all know  The story never ends, ends The story never ends, ends  That's who you are Crash the car And blame the road  Never your fault After all I would know  The story never ends  The story never ends, ends The story never ends, ends  The story The story The story The story 
The sun is filling up the room and I can hear you dreaming Do you feel the way I do, right now? I wish we would just give up 'Cause the best part is falling, call it anything but love  And I will make sure to keep my distance Say "I love you" when you're not listening And how long can we keep this up, up, up?  Please don't stand so close to me, I'm having trouble breathing I'm afraid of what you'll see, right now I'll give you everything I am All my broken heartbeats until I know you'll understand  And I will make sure to keep my distance Say "I love you" when you're not listening And how long can we keep this up, up, up?  And I keep waiting for you to take me You keep waiting to say what we have  So I'll make sure to keep my distance Say "I love you" when you're not listening And how long can we keep this up, up, up?  Make sure to keep my distance Say "I love you" when you're not listening How long till we call this love, love, love? 
Some people live for the fortune Some people live just for the fame Some people live for the power, yeah Some people live just to play the game  Some people think that the physical things Define what's within And I've been there before but that life's a bore So full of the superficial  Some people want it all But I don't want nothing at all If it ain't you, baby If I ain't got you, baby  Some people want diamond rings Some just want everything But everything means nothing If I ain't got you, yeah  Some people search for a fountain That promises forever young Some people need three dozen roses And that's the only way to prove you love him  Hand me the world on a silver platter And what good would it be? With no one to share With no one who truly cares for me  Some people want it all But I don't want nothing at all If it ain't you, baby If I ain't got you, baby  Some people want diamond rings Some just want everything But everything means nothing If I ain't got you, you, you  Some people want it all But I don't want nothing at all If it ain't you, baby If I ain't got you, baby  Some people want diamond rings Some just want everything But everything means nothing If I ain't got you, yeah  If I ain't got you with me, baby Said nothing in this whole wide world don't mean a thing If I ain't got you with me, baby 
Tell me how I'm supposed to breathe with no air? If I should die before I wake It's cause you took my breath away Losing you is like living in a world with no air, oh   Chris Brown I'm here alone, didn't wanna leave My heart won't move, It's incomplete If there was a way that I could make you understand  But how do you expect me to live alone with just me? Cause my world revolves around you, it's so hard for me to breathe  Tell me how I'm supposed to breathe with no air? Can't live, can't breathe with no air It's how I feel whenever you ain't there There's no air, no air  Got me out here in the water so deep Tell me how you gonna breathe without me? If you ain't here I just can't breathe There's no air, no air  No air, air No air, air No air, air No air, air  Chris Brown I walked, I ran, I jumped, I flew Right off the ground To float to you With no gravity to hold me down for real  But somehow I'm still alive inside You took my breath but I survived I don't know how but I don't even care  So how do you expect me to live alone with just me? Cause my world revolves around you, it's so hard for me to breathe  Tell me how I'm supposed to breathe with no air? Can't live, can't breathe with no air That's how I feel whenever you ain't there There's no air, no air  Got me out here in the water, so deep Tell me how you gonna breathe without me? If you ain't here I just can't breathe There's no air, no air  No air, air No air, air No air, air No air, air  No more Baby There's no air, no air No air, oh!  Tell me how I'm supposed to breathe with no air? I can't live, I can't breathe with no air That's how I feel whenever you ain't there There's no air, no air  Got me out here in the water, so deep Tell me how you gonna breathe without me? If you ain't here I just can't breathe There's no air, no air  Tell me how I'm supposed to breathe with no air? I can't live, I can't breathe with no air That's how I feel whenever you ain't there There's no air, no air  Got me out here in the water, so deep Tell me how you gonna breathe without me? If you ain't here I just can't breathe There's no air, no air  No air, air No air, air No air, air No air 
Columbine, roll a five Baby shake that ass, shake that pumpkin pie Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Columbine, roll a five Baby shake that ass, shake that pumpkin pie Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Twin sisters side by side  Oh, baby what you mean Go and shake that ass hoe for big 14 If you want some cash hoe, big ass cheese Go and shake your ass hoe, like the twerk team Yeah, she gon' shake it like a red nose Yeah, to the wall to the window Put that ass in reverse just like Uno Told her I'm a big dog just like Cujo Sing to that bitch like I'm Bruno Where abouts is your bitch, I'm like who knows Drop that ass baby, not too low, ey Shake that ass bitch just like ooh-woah  Columbine, roll a five Baby shake that ass, shake that pumpkin pie Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Columbine, roll a five Baby shake that ass, shake that pumpkin pie Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Twin sisters side by side 
I want to take you somewhere so you know I care But it's so cold and I don't know where I brought you daffodils, on a pretty string But they won't flower like they did last spring  And I want to kiss you, make you feel alright I'm just so tired to share my nights I want to cry and I want to love But all my tears have been used up  On another love, another love All my tears have been used up On another love, another love All my tears have been used up On another love another love All my tears have been used up  And if somebody hurts you I wanna fight But my hands been broken one too many times So I use my voice, I'll be so fucking rude Words they always win, but I know I'll lose And I'd sing a song that'd be just ours But I sang them all to another heart And I want to cry, I want to learn to love But all my tears have been used up  On another love, another love All my tears have been used up On another love, another love All my tears have been used up On another love, another love All my tears have been used up  And I'd sing a song that'd be just ours But I sang them all to another heart And I want to cry, I want to fall in love But all my tears have been used up  On another love, another love All my tears have been used up On another love, another love All my tears have been used up On another love, another love All my tears have been used up 
Up at a time when I shouldn't be Thinking 'bout things that I shouldn't be Sad about shit I'm sad about for the past year I've been low, I've been down and out it And it cost a few (?) with love and the (?) I've been here and you know the times that I'm talking bout  (Oh, oh) I would give it all to make it all work (Oh, oh) I wish I could say that you knew my worth (Oh, oh) End of the day, you was my first At the end of the day, you'll know you're worse  I love you shawty, shawty You know you my shawty, shawty I need you to make me happy There will never be nobody  My ring is yours (save it, for me) Everything is yours (save it all for me) My ring is yours (save it, for me) Everything is yours  Thinkin' bout your bed when I shouldn't be Missing all that when I shouldn't be You was on the road, I was on the road We'd be back to back, back and forth They know how it goes, know you got your pride Just admit you hate being alone Know you allowed to know I'm sitting right beside your throne  (Oh, oh) I ignored my friends, they ain't gon' make it all work (Oh, oh) But I just can't say that you know my worth (Oh, oh) End of the day, you're still my first At the end of the day, I know you're worse  I love you shawty, shawty (you know it) You know you my shawty, shawty (You know you my shawty) I need you to make me happy There will never be nobody  My ring is yours (save it, for me) Everything is yours (save it all for me) My ring is yours (save it, for me) Everything is yours (yours) My ring is yours (save it, for me) Everything is yours (save it all for me) My ring is yours (save it, for me) Everything is yours 
Take a vivid picture, no photo Implement that shit into your mind, just so you know though Sucka free living, I'ma say that that's the motto So for any nigga on that sucka shit, I'm no hoe bro Might just have to drop a bomb, Han Solo Got me bicken back being bool, Quasimodo All about my paper gotta get my fucking dough hoe Always on the fucking go-go, you a bitch like Tony Romo Niggas came around now they extinct like Dodo's Meanwhile I'm in New York fucking up SoHo Just bagged a new chick, Caroline, nickname Coco Took her to the tele now lil' baby going loco She just give me face, ain't no fucking that's a no-no And she going 30 early dirty no soap though I laugh at the haters, everything they say a joke though And I'm screaming fuck 12, all these fowl ass po-po  Nowadays I really miss my fucking idols, so that's the title I grab a bible, pray for my rivals Dead on arrival, I swear this shit to me like a cycle Bodies in piles, blood rivers resemble Niles They need survival, they need to rehearse a recital I just sit back and listen to old Wayne songs And get dome from a bitch while I brainstorm And spit flames while also making it rain storm  See I can't ignore it And you niggas don't see it's in your brain you're snoring And you sleep on me until you can't no more And don't fake on me and try to play the boy I don't know why I feel like nobody loves me Or why they feel like my intention's something ugly Or why I feel like everyone needs something from me Or why I feel like everyone just saying fuck me Or why I feel like the opposition gon' buss me If I gave you my heart would you still love me Lately baby I feel like nobody trust me Is it just me, yeah  Nowadays I really miss my fucking idols, so that's the title I grab a bible, pray for my rivals Dead on arrival, I swear this shit to me like a cycle Bodies in piles, blood rivers resemble Niles They need survival, they need to rehearse a recital I just sit back and listen to old Wayne songs And get dome from a bitch while I brainstorm And spit flames while also making it rain storm 
I wanted you to know I love the way you laugh I wanna hold you high and steal your pain away I keep your photograph and I know it serves me well I wanna hold you high and steal your pain  'Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome  And I don't feel right when you're gone away  You've gone away  You don't feel me here anymore  The worst is over now and we can breathe again I wanna hold you high and you steal my pain away There's so much left to learn, and no one left to fight I wanna hold you high and steal your pain  'Cause I'm broken when I'm open  And I don't feel like I am strong enough 'Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome And I don't feel right when you're gone away  'Cause I'm broken when I'm open  And I don't feel like I am strong enough  'Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome And I don't feel right when you're gone away  'Cause I'm broken when I'm lonesome  And I don't feel right when you're gone  You've gone away  You don't feel me here anymore 
What do you get when you fall in love? A guy with a pin to burst your bubble That's what you get for all your trouble I'll never fall in love again I'll never fall in love again  What do you get when you kiss a guy? You get enough germs to catch pneumonia After you do, he'll never phone ya I'll never fall in love again I'll never fall in love again  Don't tell me what it's all about 'Cause I've been there and I'm glad I'm out Out of those chains, those chains that bind you That is why I'm here to remind you  What do you get when you fall in love? You only get lies and pain and sorrow So for at least until tomorrow I'll never fall in love again I'll never fall in love again  Don't tell me what it's all about 'Cause I've been there and I'm glad I'm out Out of the chains, the chains that bind you That is why I'm here to remind you  What do you get when you give your heart You get it all broken up and battered That's what you get, a heart that's shattered I'll never fall in love again I'll never fall in love again 
I've been foolish and blind, Time after time, girl, I've let you down. And I'm losing my mind, Tryin' to find a way to show you now, That you are all I want. You are all I want.  Girl, I'm down on my knees, Begging you please, I need another chance. But you're not looking at me, Are you hearing my plea? Won't you take my hand?  'Cause Ruby, you're all that I want, My heart and my treasure. Ruby, you're all that I need, For now and forever.  You are all I want. You are all I want.  I know that talk is cheap, And words seem weak, Coming from this broken man. Still, I will speak, 'cause I can't sleep, Until you truly understand.  'Cause Ruby, you're all that I want, My heart and my treasure. Ruby, you're all that I need, For now and forever.  Don't want diamonds or gold, When I've got my ruby to hold. You know I'm in ecstasy, I can't ever get enough.  Don't want platinum or pearls, I'd trade all the jewels in the world, Just to have you next to me. I can't live Without your love, no...  'Cause Ruby, you're all that I want, My heart and my treasure. Ruby, you're all that I need, For now and forever.  Ruby, you're all that I want, My heart and my treasure. Ruby, you're all that I need, For now and forever.  Ruby, you're all that I want, My heart and my treasure. Ruby, you're all that I need, For now and forever.  You are all I want. 
I can always pick up books In the search of what I need But that doesn't help me any If you're impossible to read So if you love me, if you love me Come clean  These monsters in my closet Are watchin' over me The days are getting shorter And at night, it's hard to sleep The combination of all of this Is the death of everything So if you love me, if you love me Hurry  'Cause I don't think that wasting A second of this time Would benefit the outcome Of the life I had in mind I'll refer to you as my special love The one that set me free So if you love me, if you love me Come clean  Waiting around 'til things grow old I'm feeling lost in towns that were my home And if everything was easier before Then we'll go back to who we were  So I'm picking up a book In the search of what I need From religion, to fiction Being lost about at sea And all I can imagine Is being brushed against your cheek So if you love me, if you love me Come clean 
I will have to die for this, I fear There's rage and terror and there's sickness here I fight because I have to I fight for us to know the truth  There's not enough rope to tie me down There's not enough tape to shut this mouth The stones you throw can make me bleed But I won't stop until we're free Wild hearts can't be broken No, wild hearts can't be broken  This is my rally cry I know it's hard, we have to try This is a battle I must win To want my share is not a sin  There's not enough rope to tie me down There's not enough tape to shut this mouth The stones you throw can make me bleed But I won't stop until we're free And wild hearts can't be broken No, wild hearts can't be broken  You beat me, betray me You're losing, we're winning My spirit above me You cannot deny me My freedom is burning This broken world keeps turning I'll never surrender There's nothing, but a victory  There's not enough rope to tie me down, oh There's not enough tape to shut this mouth The stones you throw can make me bleed But I won't stop until we're free Wild hearts can't be broken Wild hearts can't be broken This wild heart can't be broken 
You'll only see us in the back GothBoiClique, all black I knew love once, it's hard to forget I thought of you and nights spent When I'm backed against the wall I thought of her and highly 'Cause she answered when I called I want her to wanna hurt me And I miss 2013 love songs And I'm so lost, under club lights In the all black, GothBoiClique  GothBoi, I'm the one you can't avoid No choice, baby, I be makin' noise GothBoi, I'm the one you can't avoid No choice, no choice Lookin' for you in the back of the club Lookin' for her in the back of the club, fucked up Everybody know I numb it with the drugs Everybody know I numb it with the drugs  Fucked up in the back of the club Cast a sigil in the back of the club I got scars on me, no love Light a candle and I pray for Døves And you're fadin' away, like the pill under my tongue We seriously never even touched, it sucks I'ma put your name in my skin, mix the ink in my blood It's so fucked So tell me what is love If I ever had it, if I ever had it Did I really want it? And why can't I remember? I cannot remember I took the black two-seater when you pushed me away Into the dark, I only want what's best for you, baby I reach out to you, but slowly If there's passion there, then show me Fast, hard It's a slow drug And I swear that But it's true love These are true lines  Saw you in the back of the club again And we just started textin' again And now you sendin' pictures to my phone, like I just can't resist I'm tryin' not to let you feel missed (tryin' so hard) And now we're in the bar, like 6 PM And now we took a bottle to your bed Listenin' to Slowdive, eyes like so-so red And I can't stop starin' at the back of your neck And you think you can make me love again I swear that I will never feel a thing Hollow shell, quiet hell, but you're so into me Screamin', "Why don't you love me back?!" 'Cause it's GothBoiClique, 'til my lungs collapse  GothBoi, I'm the one you can't avoid No choice, baby, I be makin' noise GothBoi, I'm the one you can't avoid No choice, no choice Lookin' for you in the back of the club Lookin' for her in the back of the club, fucked up Everybody know I numb it with the drugs Everybody know I numb it with the drugs 
Help me, it's like the walls are caving in Sometimes I feel like giving up But I just can't It isn't in my blood  Laying on the bathroom floor, feeling nothing I'm overwhelmed and insecure, give me something I could take to ease my mind slowly Just have a drink and you'll feel better Just take her home and you'll feel better Keep telling me that it gets better Does it ever?  Help me, it's like the walls are caving in Sometimes I feel like giving up No medicine is strong enough Someone help me I'm crawling in my skin Sometimes I feel like giving up But I just can't It isn't in my blood  It isn't in my blood  Looking through my phone again feeling anxious Afraid to be alone again, I hate this I'm trying to find a way to chill, can't breathe, oh Is there somebody who could...  Help me, it's like the walls are caving in Sometimes I feel like giving up No medicine is strong enough Someone help me I'm crawling in my skin Sometimes I feel like giving up But I just can't It isn't in my blood  It isn't in my blood  I need somebody now I need somebody now Someone to help me out I need somebody now  Help me, it's like the walls are caving in Sometimes I feel like giving up But I just can't It isn't in my blood  It isn't in my blood It isn't in my blood I need somebody now It isn't in my blood I need somebody now It isn't in my blood 
I got no excuses for all of these goodbyes Call me when it's over 'cause I'm dying inside Wake me when the shakes are gone And the cold sweats disappear Call me when it's over and myself has reappeared  I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know why I do it every, every, every time It's only when I'm lonely Sometimes I just wanna cave and I don't wanna fight I try and I try and I try and I try and I try Just hold me, I'm lonely  Momma, I'm so sorry, I'm not sober anymore And daddy, please forgive me for the drinks spilled on the floor To the ones who never left me, we've been down this road before I'm so sorry, I'm not sober anymore  I'm sorry to my future love for the man that left my bed For making love the way I saved for you inside my head And I'm sorry for the fans I lost who watched me fall again I wanna be a role model, but I'm only human  I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know why I do it every, every, every time It's only when I'm lonely Sometimes I just wanna cave and I don't wanna fight I try and I try and I try and I try and I try Just hold me, I'm lonely  Momma, I'm so sorry I'm not sober anymore And daddy, please forgive me for the drinks spilled on the floor To the ones who never left me, we've been down this road before I'm so sorry, I'm not sober anymore I'm not sober anymore  I'm sorry that I'm here again, I promise I'll get help It wasn't my intention, I'm sorry to myself 
Knock on my door, boy come home You stay in my head Lay in my arms, why won't you? It's been way too long What you waiting on? 'Cause I've been laying here Learning what the memories won't do See I need you and baby I need to Let down my guard and give you my scars Open up my heart  We could be stars... We could be stars... We could be stars...  Rap on my window, come home It's been a while, so stick around Why don't you? Till the end of time Say that you'll be mine An uphill climb fighting what the heart Really wants to do See I need you And sometimes we need to Shed our facade and be just who we are All broken and torn, then we could be stars  Oh we could be stars... We could be stars... We could be stars...  Piercing lights in the dark Make the galaxy ours Kingdom right where we are Shining bright as a morning You'll never be lonely Just promise you'll love me I'm never too far And we'll never part And we could be stars  Oh we could be stars... We could be stars... Oh we could be stars...  Just find way to get home There's a space in my heart Open arms for you to run to Baby close your eyes and take the leap To make believe in fairytales I'll meet you there Oh yeah, I'll fall too See I've wanted you here All along but my fear Just keeps haunting me won't let me go So it's hard to say I love you  We could be stars... Oh we could be stars... We could be stars... We could be stars... 
Closed off from love, I didn't need the pain Once or twice was enough and it was all in vain Time starts to pass, before you know it you're frozen But something happened for the very first time with you My heart melted to the ground, found something true And everyone's looking 'round, thinking I'm going crazy  But I don't care what they say, I'm in love with you They try to pull me away, but they don't know the truth My heart's crippled by the vein that I keep on closing You cut me open and I  Keep bleeding, keep, keep bleeding love I keep bleeding, I keep, keep bleeding love Keep bleeding, keep, keep bleeding love You cut me open  Trying hard not to hear, but they talk so loud Their piercing sounds fill my ears, try to fill me with doubt Yet I know that the goal is to keep me from falling, ooh yeah But nothing's greater than the rush that comes with your embrace And in this world of loneliness, I see your face Yet everyone around me thinks that I'm going crazy Maybe, maybe  But I don't care what they say, I'm in love with you They try to pull me away, but they don't know the truth My heart's crippled by the vein that I keep on closing You cut me open and I  Keep bleeding, keep, keep bleeding love I keep bleeding, I keep, keep bleeding love Keep bleeding, keep, keep bleeding love You cut me open  And it's draining all of me Though they find it hard to believe I'll be wearing these scars for everyone to see  I don't care what they say, I'm in love with you They try to pull me away, but they don't know the truth My heart's crippled by the vein that I keep on closing Ooh, you cut me open and I  Keep bleeding love Oh, you cut me open and I  Oh, I keep bleeding love I keep  Ooh, you cut me open and I Keep bleeding, keep, keep bleeding love, oh 
Nothing goes as planned Everything will break People say goodbye In their own special way All that you rely on And all that you can fake Will leave you in the morning But find you in the day  Oh, you're in my veins And I cannot get you out Oh, you're all I taste At night inside of my mouth Oh, you run away 'Cause I am not what you found Oh, you're in my veins And I cannot get you out  Everything will change Nothing stays the same And nobody is perfect Oh, but everyone's to blame, yeah All that you rely on And all that you can save Will leave you in the morning And find you in the day  Oh, you're in my veins And I cannot get you out Oh, you're all I taste At night inside of my mouth Oh, you run away 'Cause I am not what you found Oh, you're in my veins And I cannot get you out  No, I cannot get you out No, I cannot get you... Oh, no, I cannot get you out No, I cannot get you...  Everything is dark It's more than you can take But you catch a glimpse of sunlight Shining, shining down on your face Your face Oh, your face  Oh, you're in my veins And I cannot get you out Oh, you're all I taste At night inside of my mouth Oh, you run away 'Cause I am not what you found Oh, you're in my veins And I cannot get you out, oh No, I cannot get you out (Oh, you're in my veins) And I cannot get you out  Oh, no, I cannot get you... 
Seems like just yesterday, you were a part of me I used to stand so tall, I used to be so strong Your arms around me tight, everything it felt so right Unbreakable, like nothing could go wrong No, I can't breathe, no, I can't sleep I'm barely hanging on  Here I am, once again I'm torn into pieces, can't deny it, can't pretend Just thought you were the one Broken up, deep inside But you won't get to see the tears I cry Behind these hazel eyes  I told you everything, opened up and let you in You made me feel alright, for once in my life Now all that's left of me, is what I pretend to be So together, but so broken up inside  Cause I can't breathe, no I can't sleep I'm barely hanging on  Here I am, once again I'm torn into pieces, can't deny it, can't pretend Just thought you were the one Broken up, deep inside But you won't get to see the tears I've cried Behind these hazel eyes  Swallow me, then spit me out For hating you, I blame myself Seeing you, it kills me now No, I don't cry on the outside anymore Anymore  Here I am, once again I'm torn into pieces, can't deny it, can't pretend Just thought you were the one Broken up, deep inside But you won't get to see the tears I cry Behind these hazel eyes  Here I am, once again I'm torn into pieces, can't deny it, can't pretend Just thought you were the one Broken up, deep inside But you won't get to see the tears I cry Behind these hazel eyes 
I don't have much to give, but I don't care for gold What use is money, when you need someone to hold Don't have direction I'm just rolling down this road Waiting for you to bring me in from out the cold  You'll never know the endless nights, the rhyming of the rain Or how it feels to fall behind and watch you call his name  Pack up and leave everything, don't you see what I can bring Can't keep this beating heart at bay Set my midnight terror free, I will give you all of me Leave your lover, leave him for me  We sit in bars and raise our drinks to growing old I'm in love with you and you will never know But if I can't have you I'll walk this life alone Spare you the rising storms and let the river flow You'll never know the endless nights, the rhyming of the rain Or how it feels to fall behind and watch you call his name  Pack up and leave everything, don't you see what I can bring Can't keep this beating heart at bay Set my midnight terror free, I will give you all of me Leave your lover, leave him for me Leave your lover, leave him for me 
Well if you ever go down to Huntington, There is a girl there that is named Eryn. She's got ADD, but isn't bored with me. At least not yet, she said. With a 'zine in between Her bohemian jeans, Half sober. She's a dog in heat And proud of that cliché. ok-ok, ok, ok She's a can of mixed nuts With a damn nice butt. It's over. But more and more, She tries to make me stay, ok-ok, ok, ok  Eryn Smith, I don't want you to hate me. You should know you educate me. You should know you make me want to say, You're bitchin' And I just want you to hold me, Though I know we'll leave here lonely, 'Cause in the end, it's meant to be that way anyway.  She hacks her hair shorter on the left side 'Cause if you caught her cute She'd be horrified. She says you're gonna eat popcorn in the dark And pay ten bucks to watch her life one day.  With a 'zine in between Her bohemian jeans, Half sober. She's a dog in heat And proud of that cliché. ok-ok, ok, ok She's a can of mixed nuts With a damn nice butt. It's over. But more and more, She tries to make me stay, ok-ok, ok, ok  Eryn Smith, I don't want you to hate me. You should know you educate me. You should know you make me want to say, You're bitchin' And I just want you to hold me, Though I know we'll leave here lonely, 'Cause in the end, it's meant to be that way anyway. Let's go...  You should know I think so much of you. You should think I don't think of you much, But that's not true. You're the dimple in my cheeks That I can't spit out. You're the smile in my eyes That I can't cry out The word "subtle" is not a word that goes with Eryn Smith 
I count the ways I let you down On my fingers and toes but I'm running out Clever words can't help me now I gripped you tight but you're slipping out  And I remember your eyes were so bright When I first met you, so in love that night And now I'm kissing your tears goodnight And I can't take it, you're even perfect when you cry Beautiful goodbye, bye, bye, bye, bye It's dripping from your eyes, your beautiful goodbye It's dripping from your eyes, oh yeah  When did the rain become a storm When did the clouds begin to fall Yeah we got knocked off course by a natural force And we'll, we'll be swimming when it's gone  And I remember your eyes were so bright When I first met you, so in love that night And now I'm kissing your tears goodnight And I can't take it, you're even perfect when you cry Beautiful goodbye, bye, bye It's dripping from your eyes, your beautiful goodbye It's dripping from your eyes, oh yeah  All the pain you try to hide Shows through your mascara lines as they stream down from your eyes And let them go, let them fly Holding them back won't turn back time Believe me, I've tried  Your eyes were so bright I remember your eyes were so bright I remember your eyes were so bright When I first met you, how in love were we that night And now I'm kissing your tears goodnight And I can't take it, you're even perfect when you cry Beautiful goodbye, bye-bye, bye-bye It's dripping from your eyes, your beautiful goodbye It's dripping from your eyes, yeah  Beau... oh yeah 
Nice to meet you, where you been? I could show you incredible things Magic, madness, heaven, sin Saw you there and I thought Oh my God, look at that face You look like my next mistake Love's a game, wanna play?  'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I've got a blank space, baby And I'll write your name Your name  New money, suit and tie You can read me like a magazine Ain't it funny, rumors fly And I know you heard about me So hey, let's be friends I'm wanna see how this one ends Grab your passport and my hand  'Cause we're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I've got a blank space, baby And I'll write your name Your name  Boys only want love if it's torture Don't say I didn't say, I didn't warn ya Boys only want love if it's torture Don't say I didn't say, I didn't warn ya  So it's gonna be forever Or it's gonna go down in flames You can tell me when it's over If the high was worth the pain Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane 'Cause you know I love the players And you love the game  We're young and we're reckless We'll take this way too far It'll leave you breathless Or with a nasty scar Got a long list of ex-lovers They'll tell you I'm insane But I've got a blank space, baby And I'll write your name Your name 
I saw you standing there Sandy blonde hair, the way it came tumbling down Just like a waterfall And if you need a light I'll be the match to your candle My darling, I'm ready, to burst into flames for you  I was just coasting till we met You remind me just how good it can get  Well I've been on fire, dreaming of you Tell me you don't It feels like you do Looking like that, you'll open some wounds How does it start? And when does it end? Only been here for a moment, but I know I want you But is it too soon? To know that I'm with you There's nothing I can do  And sometime around one We fell asleep to escape from the sun And we woke up to the sound of a storm outside We stood at your front door You looked at me and said "Baby, this rain changes everything" And my heart ran away from me  I was just coasting till we met You remind me just how good it can get  Well I've been on fire, dreaming of you Tell me you don't It feels like you do Opening up can open some wounds How does it start? And when does it end? Only been here for a moment, but I know I want you Darling, I do I'm with you  There's nothing I won't do to see you shine I'll swing for the fences I'll run to the line And it's high time that you love me 'Cause you do it so well to see you shine I'll swing for the fences I'll run to the line And it's high, high time  Oh darling, I'm with you Oh darling, I'm with you There's nothing I won't do There's nothing I won't do I'm with you Darling, I'm with you 
The lights go out and I can't be saved Tides that I tried to swim against Have brought me down upon my knees Oh, I beg, I beg and plead, singing  Come out of things unsaid Shoot an apple off my head, and a Trouble that can't be named A tiger's waiting to be tamed, singing  You are You are  Confusion never stops Closing walls and ticking clocks, gonna Come back and take you home I could not stop that you now know, singing  Come out upon my seas Curse missed opportunities, am I A part of the cure Or am I part of the disease? Singing  You are You are You are You are  You are You are  And nothing else compares Oh, nothing else compares And nothing else compares  You are You are  Home, home, where I wanted to go Home, home, where I wanted to go Home, home, where I wanted to go (You are) Home, home, where I wanted to go (You are) 
When you hold me in the street  And you kiss me on the dance floor  I wish that it could be like that  Why can't it be like that? 'Cause I'm yours  We keep behind closed doors Every time I see you, I die a little more Stolen moments that we steal as the curtain falls It'll never be enough  It's obvious you're meant for me Every piece of you, it just fits perfectly Every second, every thought, I'm in so deep But I'll never show it on my face  But we know this, we got a love that is hopeless  Why can't you hold me in the street? Why can't I kiss you on the dance floor? I wish that it could be like that Why can't we be like that? 'Cause I'm yours  When you're with him, do you call his name, Like you do when you're with me? Does it feel the same? Would you leave if I was ready to settle down? Or would you play it safe and stay?  Girl you know this, we got a love that is hopeless  Why can't you hold me in the street? Why can't I kiss you on the dance floor? I wish that it could be like that Why can't we be like that? 'Cause I'm yours  And nobody knows I'm in love with someone's baby I don't wanna hide us away Tell the world about the love we're making I'm living for that day, someday  Why can't I hold you in the street? Why can't I kiss you on the dance floor? I wish that we could be like that Why can't we be like that? 'Cause I'm yours, I'm yours!  Oh, why can't you hold me in the street? Why can't I kiss you on the dance floor? I wish that it could be like that Why can't it be like that? 'Cause I'm yours  Why can't I say that I'm in love? I wanna shout it from the rooftops I wish that it could be like that Why can't we be like that? 'Cause I'm yours  Why can't we be like that? Wish we could be like that 
I've been on the low I been taking my time I feel like I'm out of my mind It feel like my life ain't mine (Who can relate?) I've been on the low I been taking my time I feel like I'm out of my mind It feel like my life ain't mine  I don't wanna be alive I don't wanna be alive I just wanna die today I just wanna die I don't wanna be alive I don't wanna be alive I just wanna die And let me tell you why  All this other shit I'm talkin' 'bout they think they know it I've been praying for somebody to save me, no one's heroic And my life don't even matter I know it, I know it, I know I'm hurting deep down but can't show it I never had a place to call my own I never had a home Ain't nobody callin' my phone Where you been? Where you at? What's on your mind? They say every life precious but nobody care about mine  I've been on the low I been taking my time I feel like I'm out of my mind It feel like my life ain't mine (Who can relate?) I've been on the low I been taking my time I feel like I'm out of my mind It feel like my life ain't mine  I want you to be alive I want you to be alive You don't gotta die today You don't gotta die I want you to be alive I want you to be alive You don't gotta die Now lemme tell you why  It's the very first breath When your head's been drowning under water And it's the light that's in the air When you're there chest-to-chest with a lover It's holding on though the roads long Seeing light in the dark, yeah, these things And when you stare at your reflection Finding hope in who it is I know that you'll thank God you did  I know where you been, where you are, where you going I know you're the reason I believe in life What's the day without a little night? I'm just tryna shed a little light It can be hard It can be so hard But you gotta live right now You got everything to give right now  I've been on the low I been taking my time I feel like I'm out of my mind It feel like my life ain't mine (Who can relate?) I've been on the low I been taking my time I feel like I'm out of my mind It feel like my life ain't mine  I finally wanna be alive I finally wanna be alive I don't wanna die today I don't wanna die I finally wanna be alive I finally wanna be alive I don't wanna die I don't wanna die  Pain don't hurt the same, I know The lane I travel feels alone But I'm moving 'til my legs give out And I see my tears melt in the snow But I don't wanna cry I don't wanna cry anymore I wanna feel alive I don't even wanna die anymore Oh I don't wanna I don't wanna I don't even wanna die anymore 
I'm standin' on the bridge I'm waitin' in the dark I thought that you'd be here by now There's nothin' but the rain No footsteps on the ground I'm listening, but there's no sound  Isn't anyone tryin' to find me? Won't somebody come take me home?  It's a damn cold night Tryin' to figure out this life Won't you take me by the hand Take me somewhere new I don't know who you are, but I I'm with you, I'm with you, mm  I'm lookin' for a place I'm searchin' for a face Is anybody here I know? 'Cause nothing's going right And everything's a mess And no one likes to be alone  Isn't anyone tryin' to find me? Won't somebody come take me home?  It's a damn cold night Tryin' to figure out this life Won't you take me by the hand Take me somewhere new I don't know who you are, but I I'm with you, I'm with you, yeah yeah  Oh, why is everything so confusing? Maybe I'm just out of my mind Yeah, yeah, yeah Yeah yeah, yeah yeah, yeah yeah Yeah…  It's a damn cold night Tryin' to figure out this life Won't you take me by the hand Take me somewhere new I don't know who you are, but I I'm with you, I'm with you  Take me by the hand Take me somewhere new I don't know who you are, but I I'm with you, I'm with you  Take me by the hand Take me somewhere new I don't know who you are, but I I'm with you, oh, I'm with you  I'm with you 
Ooh ooh ooh I lied, I lied, I lied To keep you from breaking my heart  Even though I said I didn't love you I lied I lied Even though I said I didn't need you I lied I lied To keep you from breaking my heart, ooh To keep you from breaking my heart, ooh Even though I said don't touch me I lied, I lied I can't fall for you, can't give my all to you I can't let you think that Imma let the game stall for you Gotta protect me you gotta sweat me You said you thought you was ready and I said let's see But I ain't mean that, I need some fucking proof 'Cause what happens if I fall in love then you cut me loose You just a heart breaker won't let you break mine 'Cause I'll be smashing windows and cutting them break lines  I lied 'Cause who knew if I should let myself go with you Who knows, who knows, so I lied To keep you from breaking my heart, ooh To keep you from breaking my heart, ooh  Even though I said fuck you, I lied, I lied I thought eventually you would let me go That was my insecurities and my ego Missed my jump shot missed my free throw Miss the way we kiss miss the d o Man it was good while it lasted That shit wasn't real it was magic If it was a record it would have been classic But fuck you though, orgasmic  This is what I gotta do to keep me from falling Stalling the truth, who knew what you'd Do If I let you in My mama ain't raised no fool I am not your usual typical type Who would protect me if I never hide? Falling so fast I am afraid of you  So I lied, I lied, I lied To keep you from breaking my heart, ooh To keep you from breaking my heart, ooh I lied, ooh baby, ooh 'Cause what if I let myself go with you 
I don't want to see me without you, you without me I don't want to see me without you, you without me  Ever since we hooked up its just been me and you Good and bad times but we still made it through And I don't want to see you with somebody new So I'll do whatever it takes for me to make it with you I love the ways it feels when I'm touching your body All alone on our own Love when your acting naughty Light skin, nice shape with a beautiful face I know your the type of girl that I couldn't replace And I don't ever want to have to see you go 'Cause if you did, I wouldn't want no one, I'd rather be alone I need you in my life, I'm not affraid to admit it So don't tell me that it's over 'cause girl I know it isn't I know I made you sad and I'm sorry that I did it So please baby girl don't tell me that your finished with me I promise I can show you that I'm the one that's for you And I don't care about who love me mija, I love you  Me without you I can't see it Girl I need you please believe me Give me one more try And I'll make it worth your while Me without you I can't do it Girl I know I put you through it They don't want to see You with me  Not another day goes by without me thinkin' of you I couldn't picture me happy without picture you You know we got many that don't want to see us together I know it's been a lil rough but I'll never let you go never And it don't matter what they say or do 'Cause there never gonna change the way I feel about you I'm not impressed by other woman, I won't waist my time I mean look at your self baby, your so damn fine And I ain't lyin' when I say that your one of a kind You always on my mind Your beauty shine I'm so glad you're mine And I can look but never find someone quiet like you And I apologize for anythin' I put you through I can't get enough of you, and you know it too I can see you on the aisle and your walkin' through with me  And that's all I will ever need in my life All my dreams will come true when I make you my wife That's right  Me without you I can't see it Girl I need you please believe me Give me one more try And I'll make it worth your while Me without you I can't do it Girl I know I put you through it They don't want to see You with me  I know these girls think I'm lucky But I'm no fool I know I'm the one that's lucky for bein with you I love your long hair and pretty eyes And your the perfect size The kind of girl that be wanted by other guys You by my side, I'll never be lonely I'll always want you to be my one and only Became addicted to the love you showed me I only want you to be the one to hold me Your so sweet, all I'm wantin is you 'Cause when I close my eyes, all I can picture is you with me And that's how it will always be So come and tell me you feel the same with me  I don't want to see me without you, you without me Girl I need you please believe me Give me one more try And I'll make it worth your while Me without you I can't do it Girl I know I put you through it They don't want to see You with me I don't want to see me without you, you without me I don't want to see me without you, you without me I don't want to see "Fingazz on the track" I don't want to see me without you, you without me 
Lighting stog after stog, choke on the smoke They tell me to quit, don't listen to what I'm told Help me forget that this world is so cold I don't even know what I'm chasin' no more Tell me what I want, just keep searchin' on It's never enough, cup after cup, blunt after blunt I wouldn't give one if I could find a fuck, ha, ha In the cut and I put that on my momma And my bitch called talkin' bout some drama I swear there ain't no time for women on the come up It's either the pussy or the commas  Man I just wanna go flex Gold on my teeth and on my neck And I'm stone cold with the flex With my squad and I'm smokin' up a check  Man I just wanna go flex Gold on my teeth and on my neck And I'm stone cold with the flex With my squad and I'm smokin' up a check  Push the gas, get a motherfuckin' nose bleed She ain't never met a youngin' do it like me She got a man but says she really like me She doin' things to excite me She sending all her friends snaps of my new tracks Cause all these hoes know what's about to come next I hit my plug up, got the paper connect I drop a couple bands I just wanna go...  Man I just wanna go flex Gold on my teeth and on my neck And I'm stone cold with the flex With my squad and I'm smokin' up a check 
Shadows settle on the place that you left Our minds are troubled by the emptiness Destroy the middle, it's a waste of time From the perfect start to the finish line  And if you're still breathing, you're the lucky ones 'Cause most of us are heaving through corrupted lungs Setting fire to our insides for fun Collecting names of the lovers that went wrong The lovers that went wrong  We are the reckless We are the wild youth Chasing visions of our futures One day we'll reveal the truth That one will die before he gets there  And if you're still bleeding, you're the lucky ones 'Cause most of our feelings, they are dead and they are gone We're setting fire to our insides for fun Collecting pictures from the flood that wrecked our home It was a flood that wrecked this  And you caused it And you caused it And you caused it  Well I've lost it all, I'm just a silhouette A lifeless face that you'll soon forget My eyes are damp from the words you left Ringing in my head, when you broke my chest Ringing in my head, when you broke my chest  And if you're in love, then you are the lucky one 'Cause most of us are bitter over someone Setting fire to our insides for fun To distract our hearts from ever missing them But I'm forever missing him  And you caused it And you caused it And you caused it 
Into the dark, afraid of the light I lost myself like I lost my mind You cross your heart And you cross the line You're out of luck And we're out of time  You said, said you and me forever I know we'll always be together Now, I'll never make it out  You were mine, now you're gone And you don't even care I was blind, I was wrong Now I'm fighting for air Something fading Suffocating  Why am I holding on When you're not even there I was blind, I was wrong Now I'm fighting for air Something fading Suffocating  I want to forget And leave you behind Wanna cure what's left The pain inside  You said, said you and me forever I know we'll always be together Now, I'll never make it out  You were mine, now you're gone And you don't even care I was blind, I was wrong Now I'm fighting for air Slowly fading Suffocating  Why am I holding on When you're not even there I was blind, I was wrong Now I'm fighting for air Slowly fading Suffocating  Suffocating  Something fading Suffocating 
Sad Boys (*Coughs*) Yung Sherman on the beat man, Yung Sherm  I don't care about money so yeah I spend it quick I'm a real life mannequin, get it then I dip In a percocet river I got gills like a fish Look like they wanna kill me, but they can only wish I hop by the whip, making rain in that fin All this ice make you drip, she got blood on her lip I got tired of that shit, so I erase my wish Fuck being famous, I don't need all that shit  High! High! You high like me? Why, why they stare at me? (Sad Boys) Fly, fly! Get fly like me (like me) Ride, ride! All time baby  Ravens guard that house I just keep them within You presume that you know me, you don't know where I've been Tree house of horror tryna' heal from within Everything is dusty but to me is still mint Can't trust myself, I keep changing the shit Keep thinking back, but I don't need what I miss Aquarium of life inside my mind, this is trip (They good) Much better, now I just don't understand it  I still love you to death, Louis V on my hip Snakes around my house and my clocks don't tick  I still love you to death, Louis V on my hip Snakes around my house and my clocks don't tick 
So this is where we are It's not where we had wanted to be If half the world's gone mad The other half just don't care, you see  You don't want to fuck with us British till the very last  When it feels like the world's gone mad And there's nothing you can do about it No there's nothing you can do about it When it feels like the world's gone mad And there's nothing you can do about it No there's nothing you can do about it  So tell me what's the news And what is it you want me to see We're lying to ourselves And dancing by the light of the screen  You don't want to fuck with us British till the very last  When it feels like the world's gone mad And there's nothing you can do about it No there's nothing you can do about it When it feels like the world's gone mad And there's nothing you can do about it No there's nothing you can do about it  Another man holding a microphone Trying to say something at all Or finding himself on an empty road Trying to choose which way to go  And so, you wanna make some money? You wanna make some money So, you wanna be somebody? You wanna make some money  When it feels like the world's gone mad And there's nothing you can do about it No there's nothing you can do about it When it feels like the world's gone mad And there's nothing you can do about it No there's nothing you can do about it 
I took the supermarket flowers from the window sill I threw the day old tea from the cup Packed up the photo album Matthew had made Memories of a life that's been loved Took the get well soon cards and stuffed animals Poured the old ginger beer down the sink Dad always told me, "Don't you cry when you're down" But mum, there's a tear every time that I blink  Oh, I'm in pieces, it's tearing me up, but I know A heart that's broke is a heart that's been loved  So I'll sing Hallelujah You were an angel in the shape of my mum When I fell down, you'd be there holding me up Spread your wings as you go When God takes you back he'll say, "Hallelujah You're home"  I fluffed the pillows, made the beds, stacked the chairs up Folded your nightgowns neatly in a case John said he'd drive then put his hand on my cheek And wiped a tear from the side of my face  And I hope that I see the world as you did 'cause I know A life with love is a life that's been lived  So I'll sing Hallelujah You were an angel in the shape of my mum When I fell down you'd be there holding me up Spread your wings as you go When God takes you back he'll say, "Hallelujah You're home"  Hallelujah You were an angel in the shape of my mum You got to see the person I have become Spread your wings and I know That when God took you back he said, "Hallelujah You're home" 
I met a girl last night, had short blonde hair and hazel eyes Like you, almost like you I had a drink or two, she had a few and kind of laughed Like you, almost like you The one thing that stood out the most Is almost isn't it even close to you There's nothing like you  Just so you know Your love is engraved on my heart It's set in stone Nothing could break us apart Unshakeable Yeah, no matter where I am or where I go We're set in stone  I'm tired of drinking reds and hotel beds Just wishing I'm with you I'm not lying, sometimes I do get lonely But I'm only missing you Temptation comes and quickly goes When I think of going back home to you I'm staying true  Just so you know Your love is engraved on my heart It's set in stone Nothing could break us apart Unshakeable And no matter where I am or where I go We're set in stone  If I had to choose between the two You know my choice is always you 'Cause if this life gets in the way You know I'll walk right off this stage  Oh just so you know Your love is engraved on my heart It's set in stone Nothing could break us apart Unshakeable And no matter where I am or where I go We're set in stone 
Come with me for a little ride, see the shadows passin' by Look at the sun and see the clouds turn to faces in the sky  We've been awake all night Shattered dreams all around Close your sad, sad eyes We will be safe and sound  Come with me for a little ride, see the shadows passin' by Look at the sun and see the clouds turn to faces in the sky Daydreamin' lightly through the rain All's forgiven on the summertrain Come with me for a little ride, see the shadows passin' by  Seems we are a thousand miles away from last night As you sigh in my ear: 'Kiss the rain goodbye  Come with me for a little ride, see the shadows passin' by Look at the sun and see the clouds turn to faces in the sky Daydreamin' lightly through the rain All's forgiven on the summertrain Come with me for a little ride, see the shadows passin' by  Come away with me It's gonna be all right, just breathe Come away with me It's gonna be all right, you'll see  And the windows are cryin' But this train is flyin' Us all through the rain I feel And our sky's gettin' brighter With every mile It all seems clear  Come with me for a little ride, see the shadows passin' by Look at the sun and see the clouds turn to faces in the sky Daydreamin' lightly through the rain All's forgiven on the summertrain Come with me for a little ride, see the shadows passin' by  Come away with me It's gonna be all right, just breathe Come away with me It's gonna be all right, you'll see Come away with me 
Standing in a line, wonder why it don't move Tryna get a hand, watching people break the rules Maybe the man in charge, doesn't like my face But then this world's not always good  And nothing's real but love Nothing's real but love No money, no house No car is like love  They watch us open bottles, as we joke around like fools See who can be the worst, watch what I can do But then the door gets slammed, slammed right in my face And I guess, this world's not always good  And nothing's real but love, nothing's real but love And no money, no house, no car is like love It won't fill you up, no money, no house, no car, is like love La, la, la, la, la, la, yeah  I put it all away, holding it back for a rainy But what if that day don't come, I need love 'Cause no money, no house, no car, is like love It don't fill you up, it won't build you up, it won't fill you up  It's not love and nothing's real without love And no money, no house, no car is like love Nothing's real but love And no money, no house, no car is like love 
Scott Storch  Ooh, so they think I wanna die, yeah 'Cause my doors are suicide, yeah Bet my coffin would be nice, yeah Stud that bitch up with some ice, yeah These people don't want me alive, no They wanna play games with my life, oh The coupe doors are suicide, oh The coupe doors are suicide, oh-ah  Said I hope you got my note bitch Ay, I left it on the suicide door bitch Yeah, and you left it on the floor bitch Ay, rule number 1 never trust no bitch Get this green then smoke this green, gotta stay potent Pussy nigga talking shit but he ain't know shit Chicken noodle ass nigga, man, you boneless Yeah, I keep my ratchet, boy, you pole-less, way  Throwing bands tonight Throwing bands tonight, shawty throwing bands tonight Throwing bands tonight, huh (bands tonight)  Ooh, so they think I wanna die, yeah 'Cause my doors are suicide, yeah Bet my coffin would be nice, yeah Stud that bitch up with some ice, yeah These people don't want me alive, no They wanna play games with my life, oh The coupe doors are suicide, oh The coupe doors are suicide, oh-ah 
I know the West was won this way But God forgive the heartless way we let It all burn down I know, I know you're off on tour Godspeed my love, I'll not be bored with all The mess here, now  I'll allow My heart to get over you now Let yours take a generous bow I'll be fine  You'll be alright  Come and see me in the morning I'll be in the sunrise Hoping that its rays don't Burn a hole in my eyes  You know me, I worry Can always use some pity Scared to do a session If it's in the city  You and I are monsters We'll not find another Cannot be together Lest we eat each other  Don't make me leave  It's been about a month And I am eating badly Still don't cry, but I keep meaning to I hear the crowds adore you so But I'm still here, I hope you know Don't talk to them about me  Obviously My wounds are open to see But don't take them seriously I'll be fine  And you're more than alright  Come and meet me in the trenches I'll be taking cover You can load the guns And I'll hide behind the others  Always been a coward You can ask my friends I hide inside for hours Always had intense eyes  I think I am sick But never can be certain Still call up my mother Hiding behind curtains  Don't make me go Don't make me go outside God knows what out there lies I'm hoping I don't die After you 
I'm turning clouds into mountains Like water into sweet wine I'm a-closing the mouths of lions Just around suppertime  And I'm turning all my roads into golden highways And I'm living off morning dew And it keeps getting easier these days And it's all because of you  It's all because of you It's all because of you, yeah you It's all because of you It's all because... of you  'Cause you treat me like a knight in the living Giving me this fertile land I change my selfishness into giving I made my two left feet to dance... and  It's all because of you It's all because of you, yeah you It's all because of you It's all because of you, yeah you, yeah you, you  I've made mistakes, Lord, you know I've fallen so short But you continue to bless me, My Earth and Lord  (Solo)  'Cause I'm turning clouds into mountains, Like water into sweet wine... 
I want you  Yeah I want you  And nothing comes close  To the way that I need you  I wish I can feel your skin  And I want you  From somewhere within   It feels like there's oceans  Between me and you once again  We hide our emotions  Under the surface and try to pretend  But it feels like there's oceans  Between you and me   I want you  And I always will  I wish I was worth   But I know what you deserve  You know I'd rather drown  Than to go on without you  But you're pulling me down   It feels like there's oceans  Between you and me once again  We hide our emotions  Under the surface and try to pretend  But it feels like there's oceans  Between you and me   I want you  I want you  And I always will   It feels like these oceans  Between you and me 
Whoa (Whoa, ho..) Whoa (Whoa... Yeah) Ay-yo Tim man! This is the Jump Off right here man! Whoa! (Whoa!) Whoa! (Whoa!.. haha) Whoa It's queen B with the jump off  Tah killah: Remix  Li'l Kim: I been gone for a minute Now I'm back with the jump off Goons in the club 'case sumthin jump off Back up for the high with the pumps off In the graveyard is where you get dumped off All we wanna do is party And buy everybody at the bar bacardi Black barbie dressed in Bagardy I'm tryin' to leave in somebodys ferarri Spread love That's what a real ma'd do Keep it gansta Look out for my people I know we can picture these You better keep the peace Or out come the beast! We the best Still there's room for improvement Our presance is felt like a black anger movement Seven quarter to eights Back to Back Sittin' on chrome Seven times that  This is for my peeps With the bentley it's the hummer it's the benz Escalade Twenty-three inch rims Jumpin' out the jaguar with the Tims Keep it real And live good East coast West Coast World Wide All my playas in the hood Stay Fly And if you ballin let me hear you say 'Right...' ((right..))  Tah Killah: Here I go now, Here I go now (police sirens) Where the sirens at, turn the ambulance on, When the blue light hits the backstreet motherfuckers I'm gone, Its bin a long time since ya heard my style wild Jumpin' off at all sides in all my hot attire 'n' grindin All the peeps yielding skills, my skills be in line with, Grade A on the jump off assignment Environmentaly ill, a real life killah My venomous acidic words burn worse than tequila, Make a meal off pussy emcees, I mean you not me I kill them motherfuckers like A B C (gunfire) Eternally knockin' 'em back, poppin' a gat Leavin' faggot lyracists layin flat on they backs, Snortin up crack, attackin they own nose bones Kill the king of M I C 'cause he's on my throne Alone I leave an army slaughtered like dolly the clone (baaa) Can't nobody stop this shit when I'm in the zone Now c'mon  This is for my peeps (peeps) With the bentley it's the hummer it's the benz (benz) Escalade Twenty-three inch rims (rims) Jumpin' out the jaguar with the Tims (tims) Keep it real And live good East coast West Coast World Wide All my playas in the hood Stay Fly And if you ballin let me hear you say 'Right...' ((right..))  Li'l Kim:  Enter the world of the playboy pin up girl Butt naked... dressed in nothin' but pearls You wanna meet me 'cause ya Know I'm freaky And ya... wanna eat me 'cause ya Say I'm sexy Got a man in Japan and a dude in Tahiti Believe me sweetie I got enough to feed the needy No need to be greedy I got mad friends that's pretty Chicks Balladayas All different flavas Mafioso That's how this thing go Now everybody Come get with the mingle Shake ya body-body Move ya body-body On the dance floor Don't hurt nobody-body I'm the one that put the range in the rover When I'm steppin out the ring... Yo it's over! Comin' through in the Brooklyn next year We gon' do this just like Big Pop was here!  This is for my peeps With the bentley it's the hummer it's the benz Escalade Twenty-three inch rims Jumpin' out the jaguar with the Tims Keep it real And live good East coast West Coast World Wide All my playas in the hood Stay Fly And if you ballin let me hear you say 'Right...' ((right..))  Yeah ...To the what? Mmm... Yeah All... y'all... Keep it real Yeah The World Wide Mmm... Stay fly... Yeah man Righ-righ-righ-right Queen B L.B. Two thousand Fuckin' ...Three Why not? 'Cause we get high Come to Blow that spot C'mon Yeah Ay-oh Mmm... She back at it Why wouldn't she be? C'mon Yeah B.I.G Freaky Pop... Yeah Yeah Yeah L is... Light em! ((Course)) 
Ay, I've been fuckin' hoes and poppin' pillies Man, I feel just like a rockstar Ay, ay, all my brothers got that gas And they always be smokin' like a Rasta Fuckin' with me, call up on a Uzi And show up, man them the shottas When my homies pull up on your block They make that thing go grrra-ta-ta-ta (pow, pow, pow)  Ay, ay, switch my whip, came back in black I'm startin' sayin', "Rest in peace to Bon Scott" Ay, close that door, we blowin' smoke She ask me light a fire like I'm Morrison Ay, act a fool on stage Prolly leave my fuckin' show in a cop car Ay, shit was legendary Threw a TV out the window of the Montage  Cocaine on the table, liquor pourin', don't give a damn Dude, your girlfriend is a groupie, she just tryna get in Sayin', "I'm with the band" Ay, ay, now she actin' outta pocket Tryna grab up on my pants Hundred bitches in my trailer say they ain't got a man And they all brought a friend Yeah, ay  Ay, ay, I've been fuckin' hoes and poppin' pillies Man, I feel just like a rockstar Ay, ay, all my brothers got that gas And they always be smokin' like a Rasta Fuckin' with me, call up on a Uzi And show up, man them the shottas When my homies pull up on your block They make that thing go grrra-ta-ta-ta (pow, pow, pow)  I've been in the Hills fuckin' superstars Feelin' like a popstar (twenty one, twenty one, twenty one) Drankin' Henny, bad bitches jumpin' in the pool And they ain't got on no bra Hit her from the back, pullin' on her tracks And now she screamin' out, "no más" (yeah, yeah, yeah) They like "Savage, why you got a twelve car garage And you only got six cars?" (twenty one)  I ain't with the cakin', how you kiss that? (kiss that?) Your wifey say I'm lookin' like a whole snack (big snack) Green hundreds in my safe, I got old racks (old racks) L.A. bitches always askin', "Where the coke at?" (twenty one, twenty one)  Livin' like a rockstar, smash out on a cop car Sweeter than a Pop-Tart, you know you are not hard I done made the hot chart, 'member I used to trap hard Livin' like a rockstar, I'm livin' like a rockstar  Ay, I've been fuckin' hoes and poppin' pillies Man, I feel just like a rockstar Ay, ay, all my brothers got that gas And they always be smokin' like a Rasta (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) Fuckin' with me, call up on a Uzi And show up, man them the shottas When my homies pull up on your block They make that thing go grrra-ta-ta-ta  Star, star, rockstar, rockstar, star Rockstar Rockstar, feel just like a rock... Rockstar Rockstar Rockstar Feel just like a... 
She's fallin' in love now Losin' control now Fightin' the truth Tryin' to hide But I think it's alright girl Yeah, I think it's alright girl She's fallin' in love now Losin' control now Fightin' the truth Tryin' to hide But I think it's alright girl Yeah, I think it's alright girl  She's falling but she doesn't think you'll catch her Cause her last relationship was a disaster Accusations everyday she didn't know why All her calls would be ignored he's on his own time Shoulda' ended it before it started All she ever got was broken hearted He was cheating on her tryna' flip it Back on her like a victim Now she's all alone and starting over Now she's got baggage on her shoulder But the new guy really loves her She loves him but she doesn't trust herself anymore  She's fallin' in love now Losin' control now Fightin' the truth Tryin' to hide But I think it's alright girl Yeah, I think it's alright girl She's fallin' in love now Losin' control now Fightin' the truth Tryin' to hide But I think it's alright girl Yeah, I think it's alright girl  Despite her past she can't help the attraction He tells her that he's nothing like the last one He redefines in every way what love is She fell for him and hasn't gotten' up since Every now and then she goes off though Beating on his chest like a bongo He understands she's coming from a hurt place Answers all the questions on her survey Doesn't get jealous, doesn't break trust Doesn't call a hoe after hang ups Gives her everything she ever wanted And even though she still feels haunted  She's fallin' in love now Losin' control now Fightin' the truth Tryin' to hide But I think it's alright girl Yeah, I think it's alright girl She's fallin' in love now Losin' control now Fightin' the truth Tryin' to hide But I think it's alright girl Yeah, I think it's alright girl 
Hey, I was doing just fine just before I met you I drink too much and that's an issue but I'm okay Hey, you tell your friends it was nice to meet them But I hope I never see them again  I know it breaks your heart Moved to the city in a broke down car and Four years, no calls Now you're looking pretty in a hotel bar and I can't stop No, I-I-I-I can't stop  So baby, pull me closer In the back seat of your Rover That I know you can't afford Bite that tattoo on your shoulder  Pull the sheets right off the corner Of the mattress that you stole From your roommate back in Boulder We ain't ever getting older  We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older  You look as the good as the day as I met you I forgot just why I left you, I was insane Stay and play that Blink-One Eighty-Two song That we beat to death in Tucson, okay?  I know it breaks your heart I moved to the city in a broke down car and Four years, no calls Now I'm looking pretty in a hotel bar and I can't stop No, I-I-I-I can't stop  So baby, pull me closer In the backseat of your Rover That I know you can't afford Bite that tattoo on your shoulder  Pull the sheets right off the corner Of the mattress that you stole From your roommate back in Boulder We ain't ever getting older  We ain't ever getting older We ain't ever getting older  So baby, pull me closer In the backseat of your Rover That I know you can't afford Bite that tattoo on your shoulder  Pull the sheets right off the corner Of the mattress that you stole From your roommate back in Boulder We ain't ever getting older  We ain't ever getting older (we ain't ever getting older) We ain't ever getting older (we ain't ever getting older) We ain't ever getting older (we ain't ever getting older) We ain't ever getting older  We ain't ever getting older No we ain't ever getting older 
Tell me pretty lies, look me in the face Tell me that you love me even if it's fake 'Cause I don't fucking care at all You been out all night, I don't know where you been You slurring all your words, not making any sense But I don't fucking care at all  'Cause I have hella feelings for you I act like I don't fucking care Like they ain't even there 'Cause I have hella feelings for you I act like I don't fucking care 'Cause I'm so fucking scared I'm only a fool for you And maybe you're too good for me I'm only a fool for you But I don't fucking care at all  Tell me pretty lies, look me in the face Tell me that you love me even if it's fake 'Cause I don't fucking care at all You've been out all night, I don't know where you been You slurring all your words, not making any sense But I don't fucking care at all  'Cause I have hella feelings for you I act like I don't fucking care Like they ain't even there 'Cause I have hella feelings for you I act like I don't fucking care 'Cause I'm so fucking scared I'm only a fool for you And maybe you're too good for me I'm only a fool for you But I don't fucking care at all 
(Christopher Robin)  There's a place right here And it's really rather small But this rather small place Knows the grandest thing of all  It knows when understanding can be hard to understand It knows that words aren't needed When you take somebody's hand  (Pooh)  (Like mine?)  (Christopher Robin)  It knows that you are with me In everything I do  (Pooh)  (Chuckles)  (Christopher Robin)  It's that special corner of my heart The place that I call Pooh  (Pooh)  (Oh, Christopher.)  (Christopher Robin)  There are places in the heart That always know a friend In good and glad and sad times The heart remembers them  There are new friends yet to meet There's a place for them to start But old friends always keep their Places in the heart  (Pooh)  (Old friends like...)  (Christopher Robin and Pooh)  (Us!)  (Christopher Robin)  (Oh, Pooh. I care just as much about you as I always have.)  (Pooh)  (I guess I thought that, too. Still, it's very nice to hear it said.)  (Christopher Robin)  (Chuckles Silly old bear.)  (Christopher Robin, Pooh, Tigger and Rabbit)  There are places in the heart That always know a friend In good and glad and sad times The heart remembers them  There are new friends yet to meet There's a place for them to start But old friends always keep their Places in the heart  (Christopher Robin)  (I love you, Pooh.) 
My hands, your hands Tied up like two ships drifting Weightless, waves try to break it I'd do anything to save it Why is it so hard to say it?  My heart, your heart Sit tight like bookends Pages between us Written with no end So many words we're not saying Don't wanna wait 'til it's gone You make me strong  I'm sorry if I say, "I need you" But I don't care, I'm not scared of love 'Cause when I'm not with you I'm weaker Is that so wrong? Is it so wrong? That you make me strong  Think of how much love that's been wasted People always try to escape it Move on to stop their heart breaking But there's nothing I'm running from You make me strong  I'm sorry if I say, "I need you" But I don't care, I'm not scared of love 'Cause when I'm not with you I'm weaker Is that so wrong? Is it so wrong?  So baby hold on to my heart, oh Need you to keep me from falling apart I'll always hold on 'Cause you make me strong  I'm sorry if I say, "I need you" But I don't care, I'm not scared of love 'Cause when I'm not with you I'm weaker Is that so wrong? Is it so wrong?  I'm sorry if I say, "I need you" But I don't care, I'm not scared of love 'Cause when I'm not with you I'm weaker Is that so wrong? Is it so wrong? That you make me strong  I'm sorry if I say, "I need you" But I don't care, I'm not scared of love 'Cause when I'm not with you I'm weaker Is that so wrong? Is it so wrong? That you make me strong 
Rachel What have I done? I wish I could run Away from this ship goin' under Just tryin' to help, hurt everyone else Now I feel the weight of the world is on my shoulders  What can you do when your good isn't good enough And all that you touch tumbles down? 'Cause my best intentions keep makin' a mess of things I just wanna fix it somehow But how many times will it take? Oh, how many times will it take for me to get it right? To get it right  Can I start again with my faith shaken? 'Cause I can't go back and undo this I just have to stay and face my mistakes But if I get stronger and wiser, I'll get through this  What can you do when your good isn't good enough And all that you touch tumbles down? 'Cause my best intentions keep makin' a mess of things I just wanna fix it somehow But how many times will it take? Oh, how many times will it take for me to get it right?  So I throw up my fist, throw a punch in the air And accept the truth that sometimes life isn't fair Yeah, I'll send out a wish, yeah, I'll send up a prayer And finally someone will see how much I care  What can you do when your good isn't good enough And all that you touch tumbles down? Oh, my best intentions keep makin' a mess of things I just wanna fix it somehow But how many times will it take? Oh, how many times will it take to get it right? To get it right 
Intake, Manor Park, The Wicker, Norton, Frechville, Hackenthorpe, Shalesmoor Wombwell, Catcliffe, Brincliffe, Attercliffe, Ecclesall, Woodhouse, Wybourn Pitsmoor, Badger, Wincobank, Crookes, Walkley, Broomhill  The city is a woman Bigger than any other Oh, sophisticated lady Yeah, I wanna be your lover Not your brother, not your mother, yeah  The sun rose from behind the gasometers at six-thirty a.m Crept through the gap in your curtains Caressed your bare feet poking from beneath the floral sheets I watched him flaking bits of varnish from your nails Trying to work his way up under the sheets Jesus Even the sun's on heat today The whole city getting stiff in the building heat  I just want to make contact with you Oh that's all I wanna do I just want to make contact with you Oh that's all I wanna do  Now I'm trying hard to meet her But the fares went up at seven She is somewhere in the city Somewhere watching television Watching people being stupid Doing things she can't believe in Love won't last till next installment Ten o' clock on Tuesday evening The world is going on outside The night is gaping open wide The wardrobe and the chest of drawers Are telling her to go outdoors He should have been here by this time He said that he'd be here by nine That guy is such a prick sometimes I don't know why you bother, really  Oh babe Oh I'm sorry But I I just had to make love to every crack in the pavement And the shop doorways And the puddles of rain that reflected your face in my eyes  The day didn't go too well Too many chocolates and cigarettes I kept thinking of you and almost walking into lamp-posts Why's it so hot? The air coming up to the boil Rubbing up against walls and lamp-posts trying to get rid of it Old women clack their tongues in the shade of crumbling concrete bus shelters Dogs doing it in central reservations And causing multiple pile-ups in the centre of town I didn't want to go in the first place But I've been sentenced to three years in the Housing Benefit waiting room I must have lost your number in the all-night garage And now I'm wandering up and down your street Calling you name In the rain Whilst my shoes turn to sodden cardboard Where are you? (Candida:) (I'm here) (Jarvis:) Where are you? (I'm here) Where are you? (I'm here) Where are you? (I'm here) Where are you? (I'm here) Where are you? (I'm here) Where are you?  I'm still trying hard to meet you But it doesn't look like happening 'Cause the city's out to get me But I won't sleep with her this evening Though her buildings are impressive And her cul-de-sacs amazing She's had too many lovers And I know you're out there waiting And now she's getting into bed He's had his chance now it's too late The carpet's screaming for her soul The darkness wants to eat her whole Tonight must be the night it ends Tomorrow she will call her friends And go out on her own somewhere Who needs this shit anyway? Oh listen I wandered the streets the whole night Trying to pick up your scent Writing messages on walls And the puddles of rain reflected your face in my eyes  We finally made it... On a hill-top at four a.m The whole city is your jewellery-box A million twinkling yellow street lights Reach out and take what you want You can have it all Jesus it took a long time I didn't think we were gonna make it So bad during the day But now snug and warm under an eiderdown sky Oh the things we saw: Everyone on Park Hill came in unison at four-thirteen a.m And the whole block fell down The tobacconist caught fire And everyone in the street died of lung cancer We heard groans coming from the T-reg Chevette You bet, you bet, yeah you bet And tomorrow?  Oh I was trying hard to meet her But the fares went up at seven She was somewhere in the city Somewhere watching television Watching people being stupid Doing things she can't believe in Love won't last till next installment Ten o'clock on Tuesday evening The world was going on outside The night was gaping open wide The wardrobe and the chest of drawers Were telling her to go outdoors He should have been there by that time He said that he'd be there by nine That guy is such a prick sometimes Oh yeah I want to tell you that There's nothing to worry about because we can We can get it together, oh yeah We got it together tonight, didn't we? I'd say we did, yeah We've got a hope 
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah I'm just coming over Wake up  Late night calls Feelin' slightly faded Free alcohol at the club That shit's overrated Call up Liquor Locker (brrt brrt!) Bring me apple vodka Shawty yeah, yeah, yeah Stop fussin' with your Samsung  Liquor liquor liquor liquor, liquor got me talkin' talkin' Way too much, way too much, way too much, way too much Got me textin', callin' it's 2:30 in the morning Tryna wake you up, wake you up, where you at, where you at I might put a Uber on you, I might have to pull up on you Pick you up, fuck you up, give you some of this Liquor liquor from the Liquor Locker Have ya have ya have ya talking way too much, way too much, way too much whoa  Don't listen to Kiara She be talkin' crazy She say I'm a savage, man That bitch just be hatin' I just think you're worth it, oh Please don't take it personal But by the way you talk, I know that I could do you proper Pour you a drink, is it me, or is one of us romantic? Don't be so stiff, move your hips I ain't that nigga till you're dancin' I hope you know I can do you proper, proper Like I was a doctor, doctor This is an emergency, hurry up Call the Liquor Locker, pour up the...  Liquor liquor liquor liquor, liquor got me talkin' talkin' Way too much, way too much, way too much, way too much Got me textin', callin' it's 2:30 in the morning Tryna wake you up, wake you up, where you at, where you at I might put a Uber on you, I might have to pull up on you Pick you up, fuck you up, give you some of this Liquor from the Liquor Locker Have ya have ya have ya you talkin' Way too much Way too much  Drink bombay till we all fucked up I was drinkin' Bombay, till I had to throw up I was boolin' with a baddie from the Bay Area Couldn't make it up the stairs, had to get carried up, aye Wave to my general, I can't sleep now Kush got my eyes low, can't see now Orange Tesla got me on ten right now If I get her naked, Imma sin right now Can I hit it proper Fuck you real proper Have you screaming papa, yeah Touch all on your body Feel all on your body Fuck all on your body, yeah Too many drinks and all these drugs Way too much, way too much, way too much So, please, get off your Samsung And let's do this while your man's gone Baby  Liquor liquor liquor liquor, liquor got me talkin' talkin' Way too much, way too much, way too much, way too much Got me textin', callin' it's 2:30 in the morning Tryna wake you up, wake you up, where you at, where you at I might put a Uber on you, I might have to pull up on you Pick you up, fuck you up, give you some of this Liquor from the Liquor Locker Have ya have ya have ya talking way too much, way too much, way too much whoa  Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh Ooh 
I'm alone, sitting with my broken glass My four walls follow me through my past I was on a Paris train, I emerged in London rain And you, waiting there, swimming through apologies  I remember searching for the perfect words I was hoping you might change your mind I remember the soldier standing next to me Riding on the metro  I went smiling as you took my hand So removed, we spoke in France You were passed as shallow word It isn't passed, there's still a hurt  You were passed as shallow word It isn't passed, there's still a hurt I can see you now smiling as I pulled away... Sorry  I remember the letter wrinkled in my hand "I'll love you always," filled my eyes I remember the night we walked along the Seine Riding on the metro  I remember a feeling coming over me The soldier turned, then walked away Fuck you for loving me Riding on the metro 
The second someone mentioned you were all alone I could feel the trouble coursing through your veins Now I know, it's got a hold  Just a phone call left unanswered, had me sparking up These cigarettes won't stop me wondering where you are Don't let go, keep a hold  If you look into the distance, there's a house upon the hill Guiding like a lighthouse to a place where you'll be safe To feel at grace 'cause we've all made mistakes If you've lost your way...  I will leave the light on I will leave the light on I will leave the light on I will leave the light on  Tell me what's been happening, what's been on your mind Lately you've been searching for a darker place To hide, that's alright  But if you carry on abusing, you'll be robbed from us I refuse to lose another friend to drugs Just come home, don't let go  If you look into the distance, there's a house upon the hill Guiding like a lighthouse to a place where you'll be safe To feel at grace 'cause we've all made mistakes If you've lost your way...  I will leave the light on I will leave the light on I will leave the light on I will leave the light on  I will leave the light on  If you look into the distance, there's a house upon the hill Guiding like a lighthouse, it's a place where you'll be safe To feel at grace and if you've lost your way If you've lost your way  I will leave the light on  And I know you're down and out now, but I need you to be brave Hiding from the truth ain't gonna make this all okay I'll see your pain if you don't feel our grace And you've lost your way  I will leave the light on I will leave the light on 'Cause I will leave the light on 
Laying in the silence Waiting for the sirens Signs, any signs I'm alive still I don't wanna lose it I'm not getting through this Hey, should I pray Should I fray, to myself Till we're gone, to a saviour Who can  Unbreak the broken Unsay these spoken words Find hope in the hopeless Pull me out the train wreck Unburn the ashes Unchain the reactions I'm not ready to die not yet Pull me out the train wreck Pull me out, pull me out Pull me out, pull me out Pull me out  Underneath our bad blood We still got a sad song, home Still at home, still at home It's not too late to build it back 'Cause a one in a million chances Still a chance, still a chance And I would take those odds  Unbreak the broken Unsay these spoken words Find hope in the hopeless Pull me out the train wreck Unburn the ashes Unchain the reactions I'm not ready to die, not yet Pull me out the train wreck Pull me out, pull me out Pull me out, pull me out Pull me out  You can say what you like 'Cause I would die for you I'm down on my knees And I need you to be my guard Be my help, be a saviour  Unbreak the broken Unsay these reckless words Find hope in the hopeless Pull me out the train wreck Unburn the ashes Unchain the reactions I'm not ready to die, not yet Pull me out the train wreck Pull me out, pull me out Pull me out, pull me out Pull me out, pull me out 
You know the bed feels warmer Sleepin' here alone You know I dream in color And do the things I want  You think you got the best of me Think you've had the last laugh Bet you think that everything good is gone Think you left me broken down Think that I'd come running back Baby you don't know me, 'cause you're dead wrong  What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone What doesn't kill you makes a fighter Footsteps even lighter Doesn't mean I'm over 'cause you're gone  What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, stronger Just me, myself and I What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone  You heard that I was starting over With someone new They told you I was moving on Over you  You didn't think that I'd come back I'd come back swingin' You try to break me But you see  What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone What doesn't kill you makes a fighter Footsteps even lighter Doesn't mean I'm over 'cause you're gone  What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, stronger Just me, myself and I What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone  Thanks to you, I got a new thing started Thanks to you, I'm not the brokenhearted Thanks to you, I'm finally thinkin' 'bout me You know in the end the day you left was just my beginning In the end  What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone What doesn't kill you makes a fighter Footsteps even lighter Doesn't mean I'm over 'cause you're gone  What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, stronger Just me, myself and I What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone  What doesn't kill you makes you stronger, stronger Just me, myself and I What doesn't kill you makes you stronger Stand a little taller Doesn't mean I'm lonely when I'm alone When I'm alone 
I would rather not go back to the old house I would rather not go back to the old house Too many memories, bad memories Too many memories there  When you cycled by, here begin all my dreams The saddest thing I've ever seen And you never knew how much I really liked you 'Cause I never even told you, I meant to  Are you still there? Or have you, moved away Or have you moved away?  I would love to go back to the old house But I never will I never will I never will 
The metal jangles as the key turns Unlock the door, wipe my feet clean Oh my head sounds like that  The oil is spitting in the saucepan I squeeze the sponge and let the cat out Oh my head sounds like that Oh my head Oh oh oh Oh oh oh  The water's dripping in the hallway The guy next door, he knocks his wall down Oh my head sounds like that  The knife it scrapes across the burnt brown toast The freight train rumbles past my window Oh my head sounds like that Oh my head Oh oh oh Oh oh oh Oh oh oh  Around the axis we all spin To determine what's left out and what's left in What's left out and what's left in What's left out and what's left in Who's left out and who's left in Who's left in  The moments come and go like water I try to hold them but they're fading Oh my head sounds like that Oh my head Oh oh oh 
Say something, I'm giving up on you I'll be the one, if you want me to Anywhere, I would've followed you Say something, I'm giving up on you  And I am feeling so small It was over my head I know nothing at all  And I will stumble and fall I'm still learning to love Just starting to crawl  Say something, I'm giving up on you I'm sorry that I couldn't get to you Anywhere, I would've followed you Say something, I'm giving up on you  And I will swallow my pride You're the one that I love And I'm saying goodbye  Say something, I'm giving up on you And I'm sorry that I couldn't get to you And anywhere, I would have followed you, oh Say something, I'm giving up on you  Say something, I'm giving up on you Say something 
Just thinking about us I've come undone Looking back I don't know who lost or won Tell me now, tell me now Expressions in my mind that I can't translate But I know that I will learn to appreciate Tell me how, tell me how  It's been a little while since we have ended We haven't mended, we haven't mended  It's getting close, It's getting close, It's getting close It's getting close  I'm all I can blame I'm not keeping score I just wish I could find who I was before Can't go back, I'm okay  It's been a little while since we have ended We haven't mended, we haven't mended  What am I supposed to when most of me still belongs to you What am I supposed to when most of me still belongs to you  It's been a little while since we have ended We haven't mended, we haven't mended  It's getting close, It's getting close, It's getting close It's getting close  What am I supposed to when most of me still belongs to you What am I supposed to when most of me still belongs to you It's getting close 
I've been sleepless at night 'Cause I don't know how I feel I've been waiting on you Just to say something real  There's a light on the road And I think you know Morning has come and I have to go  I don't know why, I don't know why We need to break so hard I don't know why we break so hard  But if we're strong enough to let it in We're strong enough to let it go  Let it all go, let it all go, let it all out  If I look back to the start  Now I know, I see everything true There's still a fire in my heart, my darling But I'm not burning for you  We started it wrong and I think you know We waited too long, now I have to go  I don't know why, I don't know why We need to break so hard I don't know why we break so hard But if we're strong enough to let it in We're strong enough to let it go Let it all go, let it all go, let it all out now Who says truth is beauty after all And who says love should break us when we fall But if we're strong enough to let it in We're strong enough to let it go Let it all go, let it all go, let it all out now Let it all go, let it all go, let it all out now  Strong enough to let it go 
(I'm a Rockstar, I'm a Rockstar, bitch) Fuck the world Yeah, yeah  I gotta keep it together, ain't no tweaking now I gotta pull it together, ain't no holding on We gotta do this together, ain't no holding on by myself, yeah We gotta pull it together, we gotta do this together  We gotta keep it forever-ah Forever, forever  Forever tryna fight all these demons in my head Together we can fight all these demons in my head Forget why I've been all alone Walking 'round facing all these demons all by myself, yeah-ah All alone Lose your so-ul (gang) Keep contro-l (gang) Lose contro-l  Yeah, together, together, together, together, together, ah (Gang, gang, gang, gang, gang, gang, gang, gang)  I gotta keep it together, ain't no tweakin' now I gotta pull it together, ain't no holdin' on We gotta do this together, ain't no holdin' on by myself, yeah  We gotta pull it together We gotta do this together We gotta keep it forever-ah, forever, forever 
We know full well there's just time So is it wrong to toss this line? If your heart was full of love Could you give it up?  'Cause what about, what about angels? They will come, they will go, make us special  Don't give me up Don't give... Me up  How unfair, it's just our love Found something real that's out of touch But if you'd searched the whole wide world Would you dare to let it go?  'Cause what about, what about angels? They will come, they will go, make us special  Don't give me up Don't give... Me up  'Cause what about, what about angels? They will come, they will go, make us special  It's not about not about angels, angels 
Hey, you can tell the world That you're leaving And you can pack your bags And spread your wings And you can tell them all That it's over But while you wave goodbye Oh, I'll be getting closer  Stand there and look into my eyes And tell me that all we had were lies Show me that to you it don't count And I'll stay here if you prefer Yes, I'll leave you without a word Without a word  And you can tell the world That you're tired But your excuses, they won't work 'Cause I'll know that you're lying Every time that I see your face I notice all the suffering Just turn to my embrace I won't let you come to nothing  Stand there and look into my eyes And tell me that all we had were lies Show me that to you it don't count And I'll stay here if you prefer Yes, I'll leave you without a word  Without a word Without a word Without a word Without a word Without a word 
And another one bites the dust Oh, why can I not conquer love? And I might have thought that we were one Wanted to fight this war without weapons  And I wanted it, I wanted it bad But there were so many red flags Now another one bites the dust Yeah, let's be clear, I'll trust no one  You did not break me I'm still fighting for peace  I've got thick skin and an elastic heart But your blade, it might be too sharp I'm like a rubber band until you pull too hard I may snap and I move fast But you won't see me fall apart 'Cause I've got an elastic heart  I've got an elastic heart Yeah, I've got an elastic heart  And I will stay up through the night Yeah, let's be clear, won't close my eyes And I know that I can survive I'll walk through fire to save my life  And I want it, I want my life so bad I'm doing everything I can Then another one bites the dust It's hard to lose a chosen one  You did not break me I'm still fighting for peace  I've got thick skin and an elastic heart But your blade, it might be too sharp I'm like a rubber band until you pull too hard I may snap and I move fast But you won't see me fall apart 'Cause I've got an elastic heart  I've got thick skin and an elastic heart But your blade, it might be too sharp I'm like a rubber band until you pull too hard I may snap and I move fast But you won't see me fall apart 'Cause I've got an elastic heart  I've got thick skin and an elastic heart But your blade, it might be too sharp I'm like a rubber band until you pull too hard I may snap and I move fast But you won't see me fall apart 'Cause I've got an elastic heart  I've got an elastic heart 
I always see the light way before the dark And you always see the end way before the start I've been trying and; finding that things going right Aren't as simple as everyone told me they would be I know that you miss me I'm sorry I'm busy And; don't make the time For the things you ask from me  Out of breath Out of time Is it your turn? Is it mine? I can't sleep tonight I can't sleep tonight, no Is it fine, if we find That in time this isn't right I can't speak tonight  I can't speak tonight, no  Just make me feel special And make me feel loved Make me feel something Lately life's made me numb I just want to hold you For just long enough  So you don't get tired of me telling you I love you so much  If I take care of you Who's gonna take care of me I could just say take care and leave But I love how you stare at me I stay 'cause I'm scared to leave I'm not prepared to be  Lonely without you see That just won't feel right I need you in my life  Out of breath Out of time Is it your turn? Is it mine? I can't sleep tonight I can't sleep tonight, no  Is it fine, if we find That in time this isn't right I can't speak tonight I can't speak tonight, no  Just make me feel special And make me feel loved Make me feel something  Lately life's made me numb I just want to hold you For just long enough So you don't get tired of me telling you I love you so much So don't make me, no Don't make me go Don't make me 
Breathe deep, breathe clear Know that I'm here Know that I'm here Waitin'  Stay strong, stay gold You don't have to fear You don't have to fear Waitin'  I'll see you soon I'll see you soon  How could a heart like yours Ever love a heart like mine? How could I live before? How could I have been so blind?  You opened up my eyes You opened up my eyes  Sleep sound, sleep tight Here in my mind Here in my mind Waitin'  Come close, my dear You don't have to fear You don't have to fear Waitin'  I'll see you soon I'll see you soon  How could a heart like yours Ever love a heart like mine? How could I live before? How could I have been so blind?  You opened up my eyes You opened up my eyes  Hold fast hope All your love is all I've ever known  Hold fast hope All your love is all I've ever known   How could a heart like yours Ever love a heart like mine? How could I live before? How could I have been so blind?  You opened up my eyes You opened up my eyes  You opened up my eyes You opened up my eyes 
If I don't say this now I will surely break As I'm leaving the one I want to take Forgive the urgency but hurry up and wait My heart has started to separate  Oh-oh, oh-oh Be my baby Oh-oh oh Oh-oh, oh-oh Be my baby I'll look after you  There now, steady love, so few come and don't go Will you won't you, be the one I always know When I'm losing my control, the city spins around You're the only one who knows, you slow it down  Oh-oh, oh-oh Be my baby Oh-oh oh Oh-oh, oh-oh Be my baby  I'll look after you I'll look after you   If ever there was a doubt My love she leans into me This most assuredly counts She says most assuredly  Oh-oh, oh-oh Be my baby I'll look after you After you  Oh-oh, oh-oh Be my baby Oh-oh oh  It's always half and never whole You've begun to feel like home What's mine is yours to leave or take What's mine is yours to make your own  Oh-oh, oh-oh Be my baby Oh-oh oh  Oh-oh, oh-oh Be my baby Oh-oh oh  Oh-oh, oh-oh Be my baby Oh-oh oh  Oh-oh, oh-oh Be my baby Oh-oh oh 
How can you see into my eyes like open doors? Leading you down into my core where I've become so numb Without a soul, my spirit sleeping somewhere cold Until you find it there and lead it back home  (Wake me up) Wake me up inside (I can't wake up) Wake me up inside (Save me) Call my name and save me from the dark (Wake me up) Bid my blood to run (I can't wake up) Before I come undone (Save me) Save me from the nothing I've become  Now that I know what I'm without You can't just leave me Breathe into me and make me real Bring me to life  (Wake me up) Wake me up inside (I can't wake up) Wake me up inside (Save me) Call my name and save me from the dark (Wake me up) Bid my blood to run (I can't wake up) Before I come undone (Save me) Save me from the nothing I've become  Bring me to life (I've been living a lie, there's nothing inside) Bring me to life  Frozen inside without your touch Without your love, darling Only you are the life among the dead  All this time I can't believe I couldn't see Kept in the dark but you were there in front of me I've been sleeping a thousand years, it seems Got to open my eyes to everything Without a thought, without a voice, without a soul Don't let me die here (There must be something more) Bring me to life  (Wake me up) Wake me up inside (I can't wake up) Wake me up inside (Save me) Call my name and save me from the dark (Wake me up) Bid my blood to run (I can't wake up) Before I come undone (Save me) Save me from the nothing I've become  Bring me to life I've been living a lie, there's nothing inside Bring me to life 
Damn, my AP goin' psycho, lil' mama bad like Michael Can't really trust nobody with all this jewelry on you My roof look like a no-show, got diamonds by the boatload Come with the Tony Romo for clowns and all the bozos  My AP goin' psycho, lil' mama bad like Michael Can't really trust nobody with all this jewelry on you My roof look like a no-show, got diamonds by the boatload Don't act like you my friend when I'm rollin' through my ends, though  You stuck in the friend zone, I tell her four, five, the fifth, ay Hunnid bands inside my shorts, DeChino the shit, ay Try to stuff it all in, but it don't even fit, ay Know that I been with the shits ever since a jit, ay  I made my first million, I'm like, "Shit, this is it," ay 30 for a walkthrough, man, we had every slit, ay Had so many bottles, gave ugly girl a sip Out the window of the Benzo, we get sin in the rent'  And I'm like "whoa" Man, my neck so goddamn cold Diamonds weigh my teeth so, so low I got homies, let it blow, oh  My money thick, won't ever fold She said, "Can I have some to hold?" And I can never tell you no  Damn, my AP goin' psycho, lil' mama bad like Michael Can't really trust nobody with all this jewelry on you My roof look like a no-show, got diamonds by the boatload Come with the Tony Romo for clowns and all the bozos  My AP goin' psycho, lil' mama bad like Michael Can't really trust nobody with all this jewelry on you My roof look like a no-show, got diamonds by the boatload Don't act like you my friend when I'm rollin' through my ends, though  The AP goin' psycho, my Rollie goin' brazy We're hittin' lil' mamas, she wanna have my babies Sippy on the Panky, chain so stanky You should see the whip, promise I can take yo' bitch  Dolla ridin' in an old school Chevy, it's a drop top Boolin' with a thot-thot, she gon' give me top-top Just one switch, I can make the ass drop Eh, take you to the smoke shop  We gon' get high, ay, we gon' hit Rodeo Dolla Valentino, we gon' hit Pico Take you where I'm from, take you to the slums This ain't happen overnight, no, these diamonds real bright  Saint Laurent jeans, still in my Vans though All VVSs, put you in a necklace Girl, you look beautiful tonight Stars on the roof, they matching with the jewelry  Damn, my AP goin' psycho, lil' mama bad like Michael Can't really trust nobody with all this jewelry on you My roof look like a no-show, got diamonds by the boatload Come with the Tony Romo for clowns and all the bozos  My AP goin' psycho, lil' mama bad like Michael Can't really trust nobody with all this jewelry on you My roof look like a no-show, got diamonds by the boatload Don't act like you my friend when I'm rollin' through my ends, though 
Same bed, but it feels just a little bit bigger now Our song on the radio, but it don't sound the same When our friends talk about you all it does is just tear me down 'Cause my heart breaks a little when I hear your name And it all just sound like, "Oooh."  Hmmm, too young, too dumb to realize That I should've bought you flowers and held your hand Should've gave you all my hours when I had the chance Take you to every party 'cause all you wanted to do was dance Now my baby's dancing, but she's dancing with another man  My pride, my ego, my needs and my selfish ways Caused a good strong woman like you to walk out my life Now I'll never, never get to clean up the mess I made, oh And that haunts me every time I close my eyes It all just sounds like, "Oooh."  Mmm, too young, too dumb to realize That I should've bought you flowers and held your hand Should've gave all my hours when I had the chance Take you to every party 'cause all you wanted to do was dance Now my baby's dancing, but she's dancing with another man  Although it hurts I'll be the first to say that I was wrong Oh, I know I'm probably much too late To try and apologize for my mistakes But I just want you to know  I hope he buys you flowers, I hope he holds your hands Give you all his hours when he has the chance Take you to every party 'cause I remember how much you loved to dance Do all the things I should've done when I was your man Do all the things I should've done when I was your man 
Don't want the world to know I'm by myself Don't want the world to know I'm on your shelf But if you want to try at all  Stay for the night, tell you why nothing's right if you're gone Stay for the night, if it's all a lie, I wouldn't mind if you're wrong Stay for the night, we've been alright for so long There's no coloring around us anymore You either know or you don't  Don't want the world to know what makes me weak Don't want the world to know that side of me When I never even leave  Stay for the night, tell you why nothing's right if you're gone Stay for the night, if it's all a lie, I wouldn't mind if you're wrong Stay for the night, we've been alright for so long There's no coloring around us anymore You either know or you don't  Don't try your best to stall  Stay for the night, tell you why nothing's right if you're gone Stay for the night, if it's all a lie, I wouldn't mind if you're wrong Stay for the night, we've been alright for so long There's no coloring around us anymore You either know or you don't 
We don't talk anymore We don't talk anymore We don't talk anymore Like we used to do We don't love anymore What was all of it for? Oh, we don't talk anymore Like we used to do  I just heard you found the one you've been looking You've been looking for I wish I would have known that wasn't me 'Cause even after all this time I still wonder Why I can't move on Just the way you did so easily Don't wanna know What kind of dress you're wearing tonight If he's holding onto you so tight The way I did before I overdosed Should've known your love was a game Now I can't get you out of my brain Oh, it's such a shame  That we don't talk anymore We don't talk anymore We don't talk anymore Like we used to do We don't love anymore What was all of it for? Oh, we don't talk anymore Like we used to do  I just hope you're lying next to somebody Who knows how to love you like me There must be a good reason that you're gone Every now and then I think you Might want me to come show up at your door But I'm just too afraid that I'll be wrong Don't wanna know If you're looking into her eyes If she's holding onto you so tight the way I did before I overdosed Should've known your love was a game Now I can't get you out of my brain Oh, it's such a shame  That we don't talk anymore (We don't we don't) We don't talk anymore (We don't we don't) We don't talk anymore Like we used to do We don't love anymore (We don't we don't) What was all of it for? (We don't we don't) Oh, we don't talk anymore Like we used to do  Like we used to do  Don't wanna know What kind of dress you're wearing tonight If he's giving it to you just right The way I did before I overdosed Should've known your love was a game Now I can't get you out of my brain Oh, it's such a shame  That we don't talk anymore (We don't we don't) We don't talk anymore (We don't we don't) We don't talk anymore Like we used to do We don't love anymore (We don't we don't) What was all of it for? (We don't we don't) Oh, we don't talk anymore Like we used to do (We don't talk anymore) Don't wanna know What kind of dress you're wearing tonight (Oh) If he's holding onto you so tight (Oh) The way I did before (We don't talk anymore) I overdosed Should've known your love was a game (Oh) Now I can't get you out of my brain (Whoa) Oh, it's such a shame That we don't talk anymore 
I've been told I was a joke my whole life Lower class white trash low life When I look to the future I don't see no wife No house no kids no job no cars no love no money In other words no one So how come I still feel the need to overcome But I don't run, I won't 'cause I can't And I know, I hear them laughing Peasants to the top man It's the under class, better cut your verse in half And there's so many things that I can't look past Revealing myself removing my mask for the task in hand That of a man's last stand God damn, I detonate a bomb in your tightest jam To Understand we're all coming back to do it again And lend a hand to these mad men and pretend TO be down, but change never allows  How many times did you wanna say something but you couldn't "So many times I finally caught on to it" And how many times did you wanna get outta here but you wouldn't "I wanna leave but nobody believes me" And how many times did you wanna take it and cock it and put it in your mouth pull it and just stop it It's the only way, I'm not buyin Welcome to my every day: a fuckin' bloody mess  If you think you know, you don't "To Jesus with love" A cracker ass rapper is talkin' his revenge Josh Says hes coming back again (I talk with her he's coming around again)  Suburbia I'll murder ya turn you into a nerdier version of yourself  Object to wealth And it'd be nice to be well off and to get the hell off This planet Jamin in the basement of the government till they brand it Unsanitary dirty and scary More gory than fangoria horror story Can't hear could they be the one to come and change The mundane back to what once was untamed Free and unfold runnin' out of control While these corporations in there casin my fuckin' soul Theyre wastin my energy let it be something get the best of me never hesitantly I'll get you amped like amphetimines Ten gallons of ketamine Your leader's in the TV the wimpy are these Years the atrocity that's my prophecy what will become and what will be  How many times did you wanna say something but you couldn't "So many times I finally caught on to it" And how many times did you wanna get outta here but you wouldn't "I wanna leave but nobody believes me" And how many times did you wanna take it and cock it and put it in your mouth pull it and just stop it It's the only way, I'm not buyin Welcome to my every day: a fuckin' bloody mess  "From this day on my heart follows it's self, deterred by no one"  If you think you know, you don't "To Jesus with love" A cracker ass rapper is talkin' his revenge This heretic is comin' round again 
Merrily we fall Out of line, out of line I'd fall anywhere with you I'm by your side  Swinging in the rain Humming melodies We're not going anywhere until we freeze  I'm not afraid, anymore I'm not afraid  Forever is a long time But I wouldn't mind spending it by your side  Carefully we'll place our destiny You came and you took this heart, and set it free Every word you write or sing is so warm to me, so warm to me I'm torn, I'm torn to be right where you are  I'm not afraid, anymore I'm not afraid  Forever is a long time But I wouldn't mind spending it by your side Tell me everyday I get to wake up to that smile I wouldn't mind it at all I wouldn't mind it at all  You so know me Pinch me gently I can hardly breathe (?)  Forever is a long, long time But I wouldn't mind spending it by your side Tell me everyday I get to wake up to that smile I wouldn't mind it at all I wouldn't mind it at all 
Why did you leave me here to burn? I'm way too young to be this hurt I feel doomed in hotel rooms Staring straight up at the wall Counting wounds and I am trying to numb them all  Do you care, do you care? Why don't you care? I gave you all of me My blood, my sweat, my heart, and my tears Why don't you care, why don't you care? I was there, I was there, when no one was Now you're gone and I'm here  I have questions for you Number one, tell me who you think you are You got some nerve trying to tear my faith apart (I have questions for you) Number two, why would you try and play me for a fool? I should have never ever ever trusted you (I have questions) Number three, why weren't you, who you swore that you would be? I have questions, I got questions haunting me I have questions for you I have questions for you (I have questions) I have questions for you  My, my name was safest in your mouth And why'd you have to go and spit it out? Oh, your voice, it was the most familiar sound But it sounds so dangerous to me now  I have questions for you Number one, tell me who you think you are You got some nerve trying to tear my faith apart (I have questions for you) Number two, why would you try and play me for a fool? I should have never ever ever trusted you I have questions for you I have questions for you I have questions for you (I have questions) I have questions for you  Do you care, do you care? Why don't you care? I gave you all of me My blood, my sweat, my heart, and my tears Why don't you care, why don't you care? I was there, I was there, when no one was Now you're gone and I'm here  I have questions for you, ooh I have questions for you I have questions for you (I have questions) I have questions for you (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) I have questions for you, ooh I have questions for you (fair play, no, fair play, no) I have questions for you (I have questions) I have questions for you I have questions for you  How do I fix it?  Can we talk?  Can we communicate?  Can we talk?  Do I wanna fix it? I have questions for you (I'm afraid of you) Is it my fault?  Is it my fault?  Do you miss me? I have questions 
Thought I found a way Thought I found a way out (found) But you never go away (never go away) So I guess I gotta stay now  Oh, I hope some day I'll make it out of here Even if it takes all night or a hundred years Need a place to hide, but I can't find one near Wanna feel alive, outside I can fight my fear  Isn't it lovely, all alone Heart made of glass, my mind of stone Tear me to pieces, skin and bone Hello, welcome home  Walkin' out of town Lookin' for a better place (Lookin' for a better place) Something's on my mind Always in my headspace  Oh, I hope some day I'll make it out of here Even if it takes all night or a hundred years Need a place to hide, but I can't find one near Wanna feel alive, outside I can fight my fear  Isn't it lovely, all alone Heart made of glass, my mind of stone Tear me to pieces, skin and bone Hello, welcome home  Woah, yeah Yeah, ah Woah, woah Hello, welcome home 
Baby, I've known you for a long, long time I never thought that we would find What we're holding in our hands  Lately I've been thinking I should make you mine Been thinking that we should define What we are, what we are, oh, oh  And you know I like to be in control But recently I don't know what to do I'm losing it over you  Ooh la, ooh la When you say my name I can feel the flame getting stronger Oh, let me hear you say  Ooh la, ooh la We both feel the same And I can't play this game any longer  Oh boy, I'm loving this twilight I'm loving this twilight I'm loving this twili-li-li-li-twilight  Closer, I love it when you lean in close You touch my heart like you don't know And I'ma show you, yeah, I'ma show you now  And you know I like to be in control But recently I don't know what to do I'm losing it over you  Ooh la, ooh la When you say my name I can feel the flame getting stronger Oh, let me hear you say  Ooh la, ooh la We both feel the same And I can't play this game any longer  Oh boy, I'm loving this twilight I'm loving this twilight I'm loving this twili-li-li-li-twilight  Girl, I think about you all of the time I love your smile and the way that you shine Wondering how I'm gonna make you mine When day turns to night, I will make it right  So many things I've been waiting to say Held in my heart for a day like today I wanna hold you till the light fades away I wanna hold you till the light fades away  Ooh la, ooh la When you say my name I can feel the flame getting stronger Oh, let me hear you say  Ooh la, ooh la We both feel the same And I can't play this game any longer  Oh boy, I'm loving this twilight I'm loving this twilight I'm loving this twili-li-li-li-twilight  I'm loving this twilight I'm loving this twilight I'm loving this twili-li-li-li-twilight Twilight 
When you're ready, come and get it  When you're ready, come and get it  When you're ready When you're ready  When you're ready, come and get it  You ain't gotta worry, it's an open invitation I'll be sittin' right here, real patient All day, all night, I'll be waitin' standby Can't stop because I love it, hate the way I love you All day, all night, maybe I'm addicted for life, no lie  I'm not too shy to show I love you, I got no regrets I love you much, too much to hide you, this love ain't finished yet This love ain't finished yet So baby whenever you're ready  When you're ready, come and get it  When you're ready, come and get it  When you're ready When you're ready  When you're ready, come and get it  When you're ready When you're ready  When you're ready, come and get it  You got the kind of love that I want, let me get that And baby once I get it, I'm yours, no take backs I'm gon' love you for life, I ain't leaving your side Even if you knock it, ain't no way to stop it Forever you're mine, baby I'm addicted, no lie, no lie  I'm not too shy to show I love you, I got no regrets. So baby whenever you're ready  When you're ready, come and get it  When you're ready, come and get it  When you're ready When you're ready  When you're ready, come and get it  This love will be the death of me But I know I'll die happily I'll know, I'll know, I'll know Because you love me so Yeah!  When you're ready, come and get it  When you're ready, come and get it  When you're ready When you're ready  When you're ready, come and get it 
They're rotting my brain, love These hoes are the same  I admit it, another ho got me finished Broke my heart, oh no, you didn't Fuck sippin', I'ma down a whole bottle Hard liquor, hard truth, can't swallow Need a bartender, put me out of my sorrow Wake up the next day in the Monte Carlo With a new woman, tell me she from Colorado And she love women, she'll be gone by tomorrow Who am I kiddin'? All this jealousy and agony that I sit in I'm a jealous boy, really feel like John Lennon I just want real love, guess it's been a minute Pissed off from the way that I don't fit in, I don't fit in Tell me what's the secret to love, I don't get it Feel like I be runnin' a race I'm not winnin' Ran into the devil today, and she grinnin'  Hey, these girls are insane All girls are the same They're rotting my brain, love Think I need a change Before I go insane, love All girls are the same They're rotting my brain, love Think I need a change Before I go insane, love  Ten minutes, she tell me it would take ten minutes To break my heart, oh no she didn't Fuck livin', I'ma drown in my sorrow Fuck givin', I'ma take not borrow And I'm still sinnin', I'm still losin' my mind I know I been trippin', I'm still wastin' my time All the time given, am I dyin'? Am I livin'? It's fuck feelings, my sorrow go up to the ceilin'  Now I am insane Demons in my brain, love Peace I can't obtain 'Cause all these girls the same, love Now I am insane Demons in my brain, love Peace I can't obtain 'Cause all these girls the same, love 
You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch)  You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch)  You little punk motherfucker do yo thang You bitch ass niggas won't do a thang So shut the fuck up and peep some game from me  You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch)  Yeah!, yeah!, yeah!, yeah! Well get yo hands up, get yo hands up Got damn it motherfucker get yo hands up [repeat 2x] Well throw yo click up, throw yo click up Got damn it motherfucker throw yo click up [repeat 2x] Well what you looking at, nigga what you looking at Nigga what you looking at, nigga what you looking at [repeat 2x] Now what you wanna do, what you wanna do Got damn it fuck nigga what yo wanna do [repeat 1x] Now what you wanna do (you scared) [repeat 2x] Well nigga FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU!  BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  Too $hort Pour me some Bombay and fire up that pine Its bout time somebody checked you you bitch ass punk I heard you slap ya woman 'cause she told ya the truth Real niggas bring out the ho in you Us pimp niggas get it down hoe The chin checker all you do is play the role nigga You just a actor, won't let a bitch breathe If she wanted to yawn She just a weak motherfucker so insecure How come she can't leave home without getting cursed out? Everytime you get mad you tell her get the fuck out Put I told that her, I said its cool Get at me Come by the house and get nasty I spit the real game I rode her in my caddy when she yelled my name I told her call me daddy Trick nigga if ya tell me you a player youse a liar Cause you never be like Willie Dynamite Supafly...  You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk motherfucking BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  Chyna Pump, pump, pump, pump Let no shots Double glock glock Nigga pop pop it don't stop in that dirty south Burn up the whole block that's what this here be bout Niggas living lowless, niggas labeled heartless Gone see who life the shortest Regardless this whole world to me is garabage Trying to reap my harvest I'm starving, let's live the life of ballin And still trying to find my calling, and make a change Look into my eyes, all you see is pain Look up in the sky all I see is rain Ain't no sunshine, call me a monkey But look I got K-9 bloodlines With P-9's and semiautos And guaranteed tomorrow 9th ward my burrow I represent the scum's Ate the crumbs Now I'm reaching for a new height Nothing but love and we crew tight Craving renew sight Hussle for food tight Who the dopest on the planet BI-ITCH Chyna White  BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH!(bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH!(bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH!(bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  You little punk motherfucker do ya thang You bitch ass niggas won't do a thang So shut the fuck up and peep some game from me Now you know to shut yo talk it is a shame Cause you and yo group won't do a thang The SHIT that you talking sounds the same to me  BI-ITCH! [echoes] 
I miss those blue eyes How you kissed me at night I miss the way we sleep Like there's no sunrise Like the taste of your smile I miss the way we breathe  But I never told you What I should have said No I never told you I just held it in  And now I miss everything about you I can't believe I still want you After all the things we've been through I miss everything about you Without you  I see your blue eyes Every time I close mine You make it hard to see Where I belong to when I'm not around you It's like I'm not with me  But I never told you What I should have said No I never told you I just held it in  And now I miss everything about you I can't believe I still want you After all the things we've been through I miss everything about you Without you  But I never told you What I should have said No I never told you I just held it in And now I miss everything about you (Still you're gone)  Can't believe that I still want you (And loving you I never should have walked away) After all the things we've been through (I know it's never gonna come again) I miss everything about you Without you  But I never told you What I should have said No I never told you I just held it in  And now I miss everything about you I can't believe I still want you After all the things we've been through I miss everything about you Without you 
Somebody said you got a new friend Does she love you better than I can? There's a big black sky over my town I know where you're at, I bet she's around  Yeah, I know it's stupid I just gotta see it for myself  I'm in the corner, watching you kiss her, o ooh I'm right over here, why can't you see me, o ooh And I'm giving it all my, but I'm not the guy you're taking home, ooh I keep dancing on my own  I'm just gonna dance all night I'm all messed up, I'm so out of line, yeah Stilettos and broken bottles I'm spinning around in circles I'm in the corner, watching you kiss her, o ooh I'm right over here, why can't you see me, o ooh And I'm giving it my all, but I'm not the guy you're taking home, ooh I keep dancing on my own And oh no  So far away but still so near The lights come up, the music dies But you don't see me standing here I just came to say goodbye I'm in the corner, watching you kiss her, o ooh And I'm giving it my all, but I'm not the guy you're taking home, ooh I keep dancing on my own And oh no I'm in the corner, watching you kiss her, oh no And I'm right over here, why can't you see me, oh no I'm giving it my all, but I'm not the guy you're taking home, ooh I keep dancing on my own  So far away, but still so near The lights come up, the music dies But you don't see me standing here 
All alone she was living In a world without an end or beginning Babygirl was living life for the feeling But I don't mind, I don't mind And all the wrongs she committed She was numb and she was so co-dependent She was young and all she had was the city But I don't mind, I don't mind  And I know that she's capable of anything, it's riveting But when you wake up she's always gone, gone, gone  In the night she hears them calling In the night she's dancing to relieve the pain She'll never walk away (I don't think you understand) In the night when she comes crawling Dollar bills and tears keep falling down her face She'll never walk away (I don't think you understand)  He sang a song when he did it He was cold and he was so unforgiving Now she dances to the song on the minute Yeah, all the time, all the time It made her weak when she hear it And it got her on her knees like religion She was young and she was forced to be a woman Yeah, all the time, all the time  And I know that she's capable of anything, it's riveting But when you wake up she's always gone, gone, gone  In the night she hears them calling In the night she's dancing to relieve the pain She'll never walk away (I don't think you understand) In the night when she comes crawling Dollar bills and tears keep falling down her face She'll never walk away (I don't think you understand)  I don't think you understand... In the night she hears them calling In the night she's dancing to relieve the pain She'll never walk away (I don't think you understand) In the night when she comes crawling Dollar bills and tears keep falling down her face She'll never walk away (I don't think you understand) 
Nick Mira on the mix No, no, no, no No no no, no, no No, no, no, no, no (no) No, no, no  I still see your shadows in my room Can't take back the love that I gave you It's to the point where I love and I hate you And I cannot change you, so I must replace you, oh Easier said than done I thought you were the one Listenin' to my heart instead of my head You found another one But I am the better one I won't let you forget me I still see your shadows in my room Can't take back the love that I gave you It's to the point where I love and I hate you And I cannot change you, so I must replace you, oh Easier said than done I thought you were the one Listenin' to my heart instead of my head You found another one But I am the better one I won't let you forget me  You left me falling and landing inside my grave I know that you want me dead I take prescriptions to make me feel a-okay I know it's all in my head I have these lucid dreams where I can't move a thing Thinking of you in my bed You were my everything Thoughts of a wedding ring Now I'm just better off dead I'll do it over again I didn't want it to end I watch it blow in the wind I should've listened to my friends Did this shit in the past But I want it to last You were made outta plastic, fake I was tangled up in your drastic ways Who knew evil girls had the prettiest face? You gave me a heart that was full of mistakes I gave you my heart and you made heart break  You made my heart break You made my heart ache (I still see your shadows in my room) You made my heart break You made my heart ache (can't take back the love that I gave you) You made my heart break (were made outta plastic, fake) You made my heart ache (I still see your shadows in my room) You made my heart break again (I was tangled up your drastic ways) Who knew evil girls had the prettiest face?  I still see your shadows in my room Can't take back the love that I gave you It's to the point where I love and I hate you And I cannot change you, so I must replace you, oh Easier said than done I thought you were the one Listenin' to my heart instead of my head You found another one But I am the better one I won't let you forget me I still see your shadows in my room Can't take back the love that I gave you It's to the point where I love and I hate you And I cannot change you, so I must replace you, oh Easier said than done I thought you were the one Listenin' to my heart instead of my head You found another one But I am the better one I won't let you forget me  Did this shit in the past but I want it to last You were made outta plastic, fake I was tangled up in your drastic ways Who knew evil girls had the prettiest face? Easier said than done I thought you were... ...Instead of my head You found another... ...Better one I won't let you forget me 
Seagull Screaming Kiss Her Violent Onshen Geisha Elli Bitch in Zion The most beautiful girls in Japan With this national anthem This patriotic song We salute Shibuya Tokyo, Japan  All the information We need to stay alive Cutie, Spring and Olive Kileini Naritai My electric organ Plays a little tune The anthem of Shibuya Tokyo, Japan  Walking in Shibuya Clothes and record shops All the little lycee girls Wearing super-loose socks We type on Olivettis We suck on Chuppa Chaps Munching baby castera cake And Shibuya rocks  Archigram and Hinano Kyoko Okasaki Keigo Oyamada The magnificent Bruce Lee My electric organ Plays this little tune The anthem of Shibuya Tokyo, Japan  Qui est in? Qui est out? Cho bery goo? Cho bery ba? In Shibuya In Shibuya  All the information We need to stay alive The spirit of Shibuya Tokyo, Japan 
Job well done Standing ovation Yeah you got what you wanted I guess you won  And I don't want to hear They don't know you like I do Even I could've told you But now we're done  Cause you play me like a symphony Play me till your fingers bleed I'm your greatest masterpiece You ruin me Later when the curtain's drawn And no one's there for you back home Don't cry to me you played me wrong You ruin me  I know you thought That I wouldn't notice You were acting so strange I'm not that dumb  And in the end I hope she was worth it I don't care if you loved me You make me numb  Cause you play me like a symphony Play me till your fingers bleed I'm your greatest masterpiece You ruin me Later when the curtain's drawn And no one's there for you back home Don't cry to me you played me wrong You ruin me  We're that song you wouldn't sing Just a broken melody You're killing me  You play me like a symphony Play me till your fingers bleed I'm your greatest masterpiece You ruin me Later when the curtain's drawn And no one's there for you back home Don't cry to me you played me wrong You ruin me 
One, two, three, four  How could we know That there wouldn't be tomorrow? No birds will sing But the bells will ring for you So far to go But you've already reached the light Your new beginning Chapters are written out for you Down here they're hurting From a broken heart Trying to figure out How this is real  'Cause they're never coming back down They belong to the stars in the clouds Goodbyes, good times L-O-V-E was all for you If you didn't say your goodbyes Don't worry, love will bear it through 'Cause they're never coming back down They belong to the stars in the clouds  How do we grow If you're not moving with us? Constantly dark Time will move in our favor They'll never know But they just keep on asking when We're down here hurting From our broken heart Trying to figure out How this is real  'Cause you're never coming back down You belong to the stars in the clouds Goodbyes, good times L-O-V-E was all for you If you didn't say your goodbyes Don't worry, love will bear it through  I'm sorry that I never replied How was I to know this would be our last goodbye We can't look at the world with tears in our eyes Don't cry, don't cry, don't cry, don't cry  Just think of the good times you've left behind L-O-V-E was all for you If you didn't say your goodbyes Don't worry, love will bear it through 'Cause you're never coming back down You belong to the stars in the clouds 
Do that one dance baby That, that one dance Yeah, oh You don't know how to do that? Baby do it for your grandma Come on, I'm old and I'm trying to learn it Well yeah, do it  Oh my god, oh my god. Girl ain't that Zay and Zayion? Yas Don't both of 'em got a girlfriend? Girl I don't care I don't care girl, he still cute Oh yes  Walked in this party And these girls lookin' at me Skinny jeans on and you know my hair nappy Hey, hey, hey Okay, okay I want y'all do it, do this dance now  JuJu on the beat JuJu on that beat JuJu on that, JuJu on that, JuJu on that beat Now slide, drop Hit dem folks, don't stop, aye Don't stop, aye Don't stop, aye Running man on that beat, aye Running man on that beat, aye Running man on that beat, aye Running man on that beat Now do your dance, do your dance, do your dance, aye You ugly You your daddy's son  Aye, aye Do your dance, aye Go crazy, aye Get freaky, aye Let's go, leggo, leggo, leggo, leggo Hey, hey, hey Yea  Okay we knuckin' and buckin' And ready to fight I got my cousin, he with me And got Lil Zay on the right And I'm a Detroit baby And I don't know nothing else Besides drinking and having parties And having some fun I say look in the mirror What you expect me to do? I see a 300-S And got them blacked out rims I mean I like your style I'm on a whole 'nother level If you compare me and you There wouldn't be no comparings  JuJu on the beat JuJu on that beat JuJu on that, JuJu on that, JuJu on that beat Now slide, drop Hit dem folks, don't stop, aye Don't stop, aye Don't stop, aye Running man on that beat, aye Running man on that beat, aye Running man on that beat, aye Running man on that beat Now do your dance, do your dance, do your dance, aye You ugly You your daddy's son  JuJu on the beat JuJu on that beat JuJu on that, JuJu on that, JuJu on that beat Now slide, drop Hit dem folks, don't stop, aye Don't stop, aye Don't stop, aye Running man on that beat, aye Running man on that beat, aye Running man on that beat, aye Running man on that beat Now do your dance, do your dance, do your dance, aye You ugly You your daddy's son 
Hello, it's me I was wondering if after all these years You'd like to meet To go over everything They say that time's supposed to heal ya But I ain't done much healing  Hello, can you hear me? I'm in California dreaming about who We used to be When we were younger and free I've forgotten how it felt Before the world fell at our feet  There's such a difference between us And a million miles  Hello from the other side I must have called a thousand times To tell you I'm sorry For everything that I've done But when I call You never seem to be home  Hello from the outside At least I can say that I've tried To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter It clearly doesn't tear you apart Anymore  Hello, how are you? It's so typical of me to talk About myself, I'm sorry I hope that you're well Did you ever make it out of that town Where nothing ever happened?  It's no secret that the both of us Are running out of time  So hello from the other side (Other side) I must have called a thousand times (Thousand times) To tell you I'm sorry For everything that I've done But when I call You never seem to be home  Hello from the outside (Outside) At least I can say that I've tried (I've tried) To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter It clearly doesn't tear you apart Anymore  Ooh, anymore Ooh, anymore Ooh, anymore Anymore  Hello from the other side (Other side) I must have called a thousand times (Thousand times) To tell you I'm sorry For everything that I've done But when I call You never seem to be home  Hello from the outside (Outside) At least I can say that I've tried (I've tried) To tell you I'm sorry For breaking your heart But it don't matter It clearly doesn't tear you apart Anymore 
Watch this...  These are my confessions Just when I thought I said all I can say I came up with more secrets to tell you today These are my confessions Slipped my mind the last two times, silly me So now I gotta give you part 3 of my confessions First I told you 'bout the skank that I was cheatin' with Then I mentioned she's havin' my kid That's not all... Now I recall more, you see So I'll give you part 3 of my confessions  Now this gon' be the hardest thing I think I ever had to do Gonna tell you everything I left out of parts 1 and 2 Like remember when I told you that I knew Pauly Shore, Pauly Shore? That's a lie, I don't know what I said that for I borrowed your ChapStick from you... without asking Oh, and I tried out your nose-hair trimmer too And by the way, your "diamond" ring is cubic zirconium I killed your goldfish accidentally, just replaced it with another one  These are my confessions Just when I thought I said all I can say I need to get some things off my chest right away These are my confessions Slipped my mind the last two times, silly me I guess I gotta give you part 3 of my confessions Threw up on your dog last time I had too much to drink There've been times when I peed in your sink Don't know why... But you and I should agree That belongs in part 3 of my confessions  Baby, forgive me, I'm still tryin' to figure out Why I used your toothbrush to clean off the bathroom grout Oh, and sometimes in private... Really like to dress up like Shirley Temple and spank myself with a hockey stick Hockey stick My boss thinks I'm a jerk, didn't get that raise I haven't changed my underwear in 27 days And when I'm kissing you I fantasize you're a midget I'm so sorry, Debbie... I mean Bridget  These are my confessions Just when I thought I said all I can say I've got a few more secrets I'd like to convey These are my confessions Slipped my mind the last two times, silly me I guess I gotta give you part 3 of my confessions Gave you buttered toast I dropped and picked up off the floor FYI, it was not a cold sore (not a cold sore) Woops, my bad... (hope you're not sore at me) But you'll be madder at me (even wanna tell you baby) When I finish part 3 of my confessions  spoken: You don't know how hard it is for me to tell you this... But you remember that shirt you got me for my birthday? Well, I returned it for store credit Th-That thing was hideous... what were you thinking? Oh, by the way, I wasn't really sick last week I just didn't wanna go to your stupid office picnic Oh, and when I told you at breakfast we were all outta Rice Krispies? What I meant was... There was only enough left for me Sorry  These are my confessions Just when I thought I said all I can say I thought of some more things that should scare you away These are my confessions Slipped my mind the last two times, silly me I guess I gotta give you part 3 of my confessions Once I blew my nose and then I wiped it on your cat And I lied - yes, that dress makes you look fat Anyway... I shouldn't say anymore Till I give you part 4 of my confessions  spoken: I mean, I'm just gettin' started here I'm not even halfway down the list This thing could go on for - Hey, where you goin'? Honey? What? Was it something I said? Women... 
Wait, wait, wait Don't leave me Wait, wait, wait Don't leave me Where you going? Where you going? Why you leaving? (Wait) I can't lose you, I can't lose you Girl I need you, girl I need you (Wait) And don't you love me? Don't you love me? Guess you don't want me, you don't want me (Wait) We back and forth, yeah, this ain't working, this ain't working Love ain't perfect, love ain't perfect  I'm holding on to pieces of us That I just can't let go I know this is a desperate kind of love But it feels like it's home Where you going? (Where you going?) I'm holding on to pieces of us 'Cause I just can't let go  Wait, wait, wait Don't leave me Wait, wait (wait) What you thinking? What you thinking? Where's your mind at? (Wait) Don't you miss us, don't you miss us Cause you don't call that, you don't call that (Wait) Are you happy? Tell me are you happy? Are you smiling? Are you smiling? (Wait) Girl what happened? Tell me, girl what happened? 'Cause I am dying, I am dying  We don't wanna have a conversation We don't wanna think about it, we wanna just fake it We just wanna act like everything is great Go back to the day watchin' movies in the basement And the problem is now I'm feeling like everything is changed And I'm trying to make a livin' on the music But I feeling every time I look at you I'm in a place It's hard to be the man of the house when you ain't gotta house (I hate this) It's complicated, it's complicated We don't wanna talk, it's complicated I'm sitting in the hotel room like, "Why?" Call your phone and apologize There's gotta be a way we can make this right We can make this right  I'm holding on to pieces of us That I just can't let go I know this is a desperate kind of love But it feels like it's home Wait, wait, wait Don't leave me Wait, wait, wait Don't leave me 
You're a world away Somewhere in the crowd In a foreign place  Are you happy now? There's nothing left to say So I shut my mouth So won't you tell me, babe Are you happy now?  You're the only one who can up and run Leave me just as empty as the day you came And you hold all the cards, all the broken hearts Strung over your shoulder till it's all in vain  And only you know the strength of your teeth The wash in the weight of your pockets, so deep And lonely  You're a world away Somewhere in the crowd In a foreign place Are you happy now? There's nothing left to say So I shut my mouth So won't you tell me, babe Are you happy now? Are you happy now?  (You're the only one who can)  In the palm of your hands You can make me dance Spin me around in circles till I'm wrapped in string You keep on talking sweet till your fingers bleed But don't you dare ask me how I've been  Now only you know the strength of your teeth The wash in the weight of your pockets, so deep And lonely  You're a world away Somewhere in the crowd In a foreign place Are you happy now? There's nothing left to say So I shut my mouth So won't you tell me, babe Are you happy now? Are you happy now?  You're the only one who can You're the only, you're the only You're the only one who can You're the only, you're the only  World away Somewhere in the crowd In a foreign place Are you happy now? There's nothing left to say So I shut my mouth So won't you tell me, babe Are you happy now? 
It's a long, hard, and windin' road to where I am right now A lot of days I wish I could change, but I can't figure how 'Cause all them places that I've been, things that I've seen I'd be better off dead than goin' there again And I've been caught somewhere in between A memory and a dream  Well, I've been screamin' at the world Since the time I could talk Well, I've been runnin' into walls Since the day that I could walk 'Cause all them bottles I've drank, never mind the smoke Man, the years are gangin' up on me, but I'm holdin' onto hope And I'm still caught somewhere in between A memory and a dream  Yeah, ten years gone, I've been around the world And somehow I always wind up here Must be this company I keep, oh it takes me back And gets me on my feet Yeah, my life is still exactly what it seems A memory and a dream  Yeah, ten years gone, I've been around the world And somehow I always wind up here Must be this company I keep, oh it takes me back And gets me on my feet Yeah, my life is still exactly what it seems A memory and a dream  Yeah, my life is still exactly what it seems A memory and a dream  It's a long, hard, and windin' road to where I am right now A lot of days I wish I could change, but I can't figure how 
Tried to keep you close to me, But life got in between Tried to square not being there But think that I should have been  Hold back the river, let me look in your eyes Hold back the river, so I Can stop for a minute and see where you hide Hold back the river, hold back  Once upon a different life We rode our bikes into the sky But now we call against the tide Those distant days are flashing by  Hold back the river, let me look in your eyes Hold back the river, so I Can stop for a minute and be by your side Hold back the river, hold back  Hold back the river, let me look in your eyes Hold back the river, so I Can stop for a minute and see where you hide Hold back the river, hold back  Hold oho, oho, oho, oho Oho, oho, oho, oho  Lonely water, lonely water, won't you let us wander Let us hold each other Lonely water, lonely water, won't you let us wander Let us hold each other  Hold back the river, let me look in your eyes Hold back the river, so I Can stop for a minute and be by your side Hold back the river, hold back  Hold back the river, let me look in your eyes Hold back the river, so I Can stop for a minute and be by your side Hold back the river, hold  Lonely water, lonely water, won't you let us wander Let us hold each other Lonely water, lonely water, won't you let us wander Let us hold each other 
Lou lou Lou lou For a minute there babe, Got me believing in you Lou lou Lou lou Anything you say or do, lou lou Anything you'd ever see  Lou lou Lou lou For a minute there babe, Got me believing in you Lou lou Lou lou Anything you say or do, lou lou Anything you say or do, lou lou Anything you'd ever see.  Sleep at, on the pavement. Babe we could split the single payment, babe, we could do whatever it takes to. Takes two to come on down, Started up like a bit of fun. but I'm still wasting here with you, lou lou. I'm still heading here.  Lou lou now, Lou lou now. For a minute there babe, Got me believing in you somehow. Lou lou Lou lou Anything you say or do, lou lou Anything you say or do, lou lou Anything you say or do, lou lou Anything you'd ever see. 
I ponder of something great My lungs will fill and then deflate They fill with fire Exhale desire I know it's dire My time today  I have these thoughts So often I ought To replace that slot With what I once bought 'Cause somebody stole My car radio And now I just sit in silence  Sometimes quiet is violent I find it hard to hide it My pride is no longer inside  It's on my sleeve My skin will scream Reminding me Of who I killed Inside my dream I hate this car That I'm driving There's no hiding for me  I'm forced to deal with what I feel There is no distraction to mask what is real I could pull the steering wheel  I have these thoughts So often I ought To replace that slot With what I once bought 'Cause somebody stole My car radio And now I just sit in silence   I ponder of something terrifying 'Cause this time there's no sound to hide behind I find over the course of our human existence One thing consists of consistence And it's that we're all battling fear Oh dear, I don't know if we know why we're here Oh my, too deep, please stop thinking I liked it better when my car had sound  There are things we can do But from the things that work, there are only two And from the two that we choose to do Peace we'll win, and fear we'll lose  And there's faith and there's sleep We need to pick one please because Faith is to be awake And to be awake is for us to think And for us to think is to be alive And I will try with every rhyme To come across like I am dying To let you know you need to try to think  I have these thoughts So often I ought To replace that slot With what I once bought 'Cause somebody stole My car radio And now I just sit in silence   And now I just sit in silence And now I just sit in silence And now I just sit…  And now I just sit in silence And now I just sit in silence And now I just sit in silence And now I just sit…  I ponder of something great My lungs will fill and then deflate They fill with fire Exhale desire I know it's dire My time today  I have these thoughts So often I ought To replace that slot With what I once bought 'Cause somebody stole My car radio And now I just sit in silence 
Call me up, 'Cause you know that I'll be there. Hell, this is so messed up But that doesn't mean I don't care, no  "Stay the night" You whisper to me. (Well you know that I can't) but you'll just cry If I were to disagree  Take this away, take this away You loved me last night but what about today?  You keep saying that we were meant to be Well it must be the alcohol But it feels great when you're hugging me Into my body you fold  Your tongue tastes of nicotine But you're saying that you just had one Wait, why are you kissing me? I thought you need some time alone.  Take this away, take this away You loved me last night but what about today? 
How long will I love you? As long as stars are above you And longer if I can  How long will I need you? As long as the seasons need to Follow their plan  How long will I be with you? As long as the sea is bound to Wash up on the sand  How long will I want you? As long as you want me to And longer by far  How long will I hold you? As long as your father told you As long as you can  How long will I give to you? As long as I live through you However long you say  How long will I love you? As long as stars are above you And longer if I may  How long will I love you? As long as stars are above you 
Elephant Man (Lil' Jon) Elephant (Hey!) Lil' Jon (Hey!) Bone Crusher wid anotha hit song New York girls (Hey!) Caribbean (Hey!) Brukout and wine to di song oonu wine now (This is for all the sexy ladies out there, we need to see ya) Wine up oonu waistline, rotate it like a tire (Let's go let's go!) Sing (Hey! Let's go)  Elephant Man (Lil' Jon) Shake that booty, turn it around (Hey! Hey! Hey!) Back that ass up, wine go down (Ok!) Shake that booty (Hey! Hey! Hey!) turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down  Yuh up inna di club and di music sweet Yuh fi jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand pon di wall, look inna di mirror And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand pon di ground bumpa inna di air And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Junk in di trunk, wine up yuh rump And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Shake that ass (Wine wine) y'all lookin' fine (Wine wine) One ting deh pon yuh mind (Wine wine) bend over and wine (Wine wine) Di Jamaican girls (Wine wine) di New York girls (Wine wine) Mi see di down south girls dem a (Wine wine) (Lil' Jon: Hey!) Dem a wine wine dem a wine wine  Let me see you wine let me see you wine let me see you wine Hey! And shake that shit! Let me see you pop let me see you pop let me see you pop Hey! And shake that shit! Let me see you wine let me see you wine let me see you wine Hey! And shake that shit! Let me see you pop let me see you pop let me see you pop Hey! And shake that shit!  Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down  Wine up your body no pushin and shovin (What!) Crowd keep movin cause the music is pumpin (Huh!) Girl keep it groovin now I see ya dumpin Jump! jump! jump! jump! Hey look here girl won't you tell me somethin' (French!?) Now that this chimney's tumblin House to earthquake just keep on comin' (Huh!) I love them ladies with the extra dunkin Now back that ass up and give me somethin' (What!) 2 Live me baby just move somethin' (What!) Wine girl you just so fine girl (Yeah!) Let me see ya grind it up girl (Yeah!) Elephant and Crusher 'gon rock the world It's party time come here girl!  Yuh up inna di club and di music sweet Yuh fi jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand pon di wall, look inna di mirror And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand pon di ground bumpa inna di air And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Junk in di trunk, wine up yuh rump And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal)  (Put yuh hands on di floor!) Cock up yuh bumpa a likkle more Cock it up mek mi slam it like a door (Put yuh hands on di floor!) Yuh hear mi love it when mi talk to her Split and spread out like manure (Put yuh hands on di floor!) Every man love see girl gallore Shabba seh him waan more pon more (Put yuh hands on di floor!) True yuh goody goody get a encore Every girl fi brukout like sore (Elephant Man: Mad! Sick! Head nuh good!)  Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down  Love see girls a wine love see girls a shake dem behind Search di dancefloor till mi find weh mi flip di coin Kiprich and di gal dem a wine Hold up let's go back in time memba Jeanie wine Memba Jeanie when yuh see mi gimme grind Now a dancehall queenie queenie time Jump between di lines stoosh girls stop stoosh dem a wine Every girl waan dem career shine (Junk in di trunk) If yuh nah wine could a get a conflict Wid it like a Shaolin Monk (Mi seh junk in di trunk) Come on girl mek mi see booty bounce Pon di floor, di dressa or di bank (All girls!)  Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down  Yuh up inna di club and di music sweet Yuh fi jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand upon di wall, look inna di mirror And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand pon di ground bumpa inna di air And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Junk in di trunk, wine up yuh rump And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal)  Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down Shake that booty, turn it around Back that ass up, wine go down  Yuh up inna di club and di music sweet Yuh fi jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand pon di wall, look inna di mirror And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Hand pon di ground bumpa inna di air And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal) Junk in di trunk, wine up yuh rump And jook gal (Jook gal jook gal jook gal)  Shake that ass (Wine wine) y'all lookin' fine (Wine wine) One ting deh pon yuh mind (Wine wine) bend over and wine (Wine wine) Di Jamaican girls (Wine wine) di New York girls (Wine wine) Mi see di down south girls dem a (Wine wine) Dem a wine wine dem a wine wine, all right... 
Still got the flowers that you sent And the note you wrote that said we're meant to be forever I keep them all as evidence In a drawer under the mirror, filled with empty promises I don't know why I keep letting you lie to me Hard as I try It seems I can't break away I thought that you would be the hero Come and save the day But you're a villain Your sins unforgiven  I'm going down, and you have watched me drown In a river of tears, lost beneath the stream Under the waves, I've found the strength to say The river of tears has washed me clean Go 'head and wish me well I'll cry a wishing well I'll fly before I fail I'll set sail and drift away So I won't need you here Love sinks and hope floats In a river of tears In a river of tears  I catch your scent in every wind And I recall the love we had I can't pretend that I don't miss you Every now and then But the hurt is for the better Moving on, it's now or never Lost in the tide, I can't keep my pillows dry Like there's a sea in my eyes I realize that sometimes love brings you flowers Then it builds you coffins And far too often We end up falling to our demise  I'm going down, and you have watched me drown In a river of tears, lost beneath the stream Under the waves, I've found the strength to say The river of tears has washed me clean Go 'head and wish me well I'll cry a wishing well I'll fly before I fail I'll set sail and drift away So I won't need you here Love sinks and hope floats In a river of tears In a river of tears  Cry me a river, build myself a bridge I'm over this, can't let memories become the death of me I'm glad to see everything that you are And I believe that you are everything I needed But I don't need no more  I'm going down, and you have watched me drown In a river of tears, lost beneath the stream Under the waves, I've found the strength to say The river of tears has washed me clean Go 'head and wish me well I'll cry a wishing well I'll fly before I fail I'll set sail and drift away So I won't need you here Love sinks and hope floats In a river of tears In a river of tears 
When the days are cold and the cards all fold And the saints we see are all made of gold When your dreams all fail and the ones we hail Are the worst of all and the blood's run stale  I want to hide the truth, I want to shelter you But with the beast inside, there's nowhere we can hide No matter what we breed, we still are made of greed This is my kingdom come, this is my kingdom come  When you feel my heat, look into my eyes It's where my demons hide, it's where my demons hide Don't get too close, it's dark inside It's where my demons hide, it's where my demons hide  At the curtain's call, it's the last of all When the lights fade out, all the sinners crawl So they dug your grave and the masquerade Will come calling out at the mess you've made  Don't want to let you down but I am hellbound Though this is all for you, don't want to hide the truth No matter what we breed, we still are made of greed This is my kingdom come, this is my kingdom come  When you feel my heat, look into my eyes It's where my demons hide, it's where my demons hide Don't get too close, it's dark inside It's where my demons hide, it's where my demons hide  They say it's what you make, I say it's up to fate It's woven in my soul, I need to let you go Your eyes, they shine so bright, I want to save that light I can't escape this now unless you show me how  When you feel my heat, look into my eyes It's where my demons hide, it's where my demons hide Don't get too close, it's dark inside It's where my demons hide, it's where my demons hide 
Ambar es su kolor todavia nose que trae en su interior Seme olvido o a lo mejor se evaporo komo evapora esta kancion  Vuelves a empezar kon la kancion ke se inspiro En algun bar o en la ciudad O en tu korazon  Esta kruda ke yo traigo No es normal (no es normal) Es un sueno o talvez sea realidad Y no naci sabiendolo como es todo Y estoy aki pegado a tus labios ambar Y hoy por ti voy a ponerme Hasta atras  Para empezar a tomar Yo no tengo ke pensar ke es lo que voy a hacer manana  Para empezar a tomar Yo no tengo ke pensar ke es lo ke va pasar manana  Vuelves a empezar kon la kancion ke se insipiro en algun bar o en la ciudad O en tu korazon  Participacion especial: Gallo, Beno y Andres (Genitallica) 
Tell me how I'm supposed to breathe with no air? If I should die before I wake It's cause you took my breath away Losing you is like living in a world with no air, oh   Chris Brown I'm here alone, didn't wanna leave My heart won't move, It's incomplete If there was a way that I could make you understand  But how do you expect me to live alone with just me? Cause my world revolves around you, it's so hard for me to breathe  Tell me how I'm supposed to breathe with no air? Can't live, can't breathe with no air It's how I feel whenever you ain't there There's no air, no air  Got me out here in the water so deep Tell me how you gonna breathe without me? If you ain't here I just can't breathe There's no air, no air  No air, air No air, air No air, air No air, air  Chris Brown I walked, I ran, I jumped, I flew Right off the ground To float to you With no gravity to hold me down for real  But somehow I'm still alive inside You took my breath but I survived I don't know how but I don't even care  So how do you expect me to live alone with just me? Cause my world revolves around you, it's so hard for me to breathe  Tell me how I'm supposed to breathe with no air? Can't live, can't breathe with no air That's how I feel whenever you ain't there There's no air, no air  Got me out here in the water, so deep Tell me how you gonna breathe without me? If you ain't here I just can't breathe There's no air, no air  No air, air No air, air No air, air No air, air  No more Baby There's no air, no air No air, oh!  Tell me how I'm supposed to breathe with no air? I can't live, I can't breathe with no air That's how I feel whenever you ain't there There's no air, no air  Got me out here in the water, so deep Tell me how you gonna breathe without me? If you ain't here I just can't breathe There's no air, no air  Tell me how I'm supposed to breathe with no air? I can't live, I can't breathe with no air That's how I feel whenever you ain't there There's no air, no air  Got me out here in the water, so deep Tell me how you gonna breathe without me? If you ain't here I just can't breathe There's no air, no air  No air, air No air, air No air, air No air 
Got me, got me Rollie (Ya can't even afford it though) Got me, got me, uh (got it) Gotti Gotti, uh (Gott Gotti) Gotti Gotti (hahahaha)  Came up blood gang (yeah), 30 bang (yeah) Scum Gang, big choppa, big thang Let your nuts hang Who they? (yeah), don't say (yeah, yeah) BBA change your mood, aye, anyday Gotti Gotti, cookin' up, speed it up Double cup, Xanny cup, booted up Mollied up, molly up, break it up Cop it, then I serve it up, get it up Gotti Gotti  Fuck with my day ones Yeah, you know I flooded the chain once Got the money and I split it with day ones She ain't fuck me back when I was lame, nah Yeah, you know I do my dance (do it) In the club (aye), throwin' dub Rack it up (rack it), shake it up Watch me do it, how I bust it up (up), I mix it hard Then I hit her with the blicky, uh So drip it, drip it, drip it, drip it You ain't got no money, you can keep her Bitch, I got my Nina, I'ma squeeze her If you really wanna meet her, she a greeter It was really nice to meet ya, I don't need ya (I don't need her) I pray to God that my niggas gon' eat (I pray to god) I pray to God that my family gon' see (I pray to god) Prayin' that the Lord take a chance with me Wouldn't come when I was up, I was on the wrong things I ain't silly, ain't no dumb nigga, are you dumb, nigga? Are you stayin' with the pump, nigga? Fuck is up, nigga? Is you mad? You's a fuck nigga, I don't trust niggas Scum Gang, chew 'em up, nigga, we don't fuck witcha  Okay, my blood gang (yeah), 30 bang (yeah) Scum Gang, big choppa, big thang Let your nuts hang Who they? Don't say (yeah, yeah) BBA change your mood, aye, anyday Gotti Gotti, cookin' up, speed it up Double cup, Xanny cup, booted up Mollied up, molly up, break it up Cop it, then I serve it up, give it up Gotti Gotti  (Post-Chorus) Gotti Gotti Who, who really with the money, money? Who, who really with the Gotti Gotti? Who, who really with the money, money? Ooh, do my dance, hit my things Break these bands, hunnid bands on my thing Mollied up, molly up, give it up Cop it, then I serve it up, give it up  Really with the Gotti, Gotti? Ooh, ooh Really with the Gotti, Gotti? Ooh, ooh Really with the 
Nick Jonas: Oh damn, oh damn, oh damn I'm so perplexed With just one breath, I'm locked in Oh damn, oh damn, oh damn I'm so perplexed On that, it's almost shocking I know, I know you know you're scared Your heart, your mind, your soul, your body They won't, they won't, they won't be careful But I guess that you don't know me  'Cause if I want you, and I want you, babe Ain't going backwards, won't ask for space 'Cause space is just a word made up by someone who's afraid to get too...  Close, ooh Oh, so close, ooh I want you close, ooh 'Cause space is just a word made up by someone who's afraid to get close, ooh Oh, so close, ooh I want you close, ooh Oh, I want you close, and close ain't close enough, no  Tove Lo: Oh man, oh man I am not really known for ever being speechless But now, but now somehow My words roll off my tongue right onto your lips, oh I'm keeping cool while you keep smiling Saying all the things I'm thinking Oh man, oh man I am like you so I want proof of what you're feeling  'Cause if I want you, and I want you, babe Ain't going backwards, won't ask for space 'Cause space is just a word made up by someone who's afraid to get too...  Both: Close, ooh Oh, so close, ooh I want you close, ooh 'Cause space was just a word made up by someone who's afraid to get close, ooh Oh, so close, ooh I want you close, ooh Oh, I want you close, and close ain't close enough, no  'Cause if I want you, and I want you, babe Ain't going backwards, won't ask for space 'Cause space was just a word made up by someone who's afraid to get too... close  Close, ooh Oh, so close, ooh I want you close, ooh 'Cause space was just a word made up by someone who's afraid to get close, ooh Oh, so close, ooh I want you close, ooh Oh, I want you close, and close ain't close enough, no Oh, I want you close, and close ain't close enough, no 
Mercedes (Artie): (Clap your hands y'all it's alright) Turn me up, turn me up (Clap your hands y'all it's alright) (Clap your hands y'all it's alright) Ohh (Clap your hands y'all it's alright) Ohh If tomorrow is Judgement Day (Sing mommy) And I'm standing on the front line (Mmm) And the Lord ask me what I did with my life I will say I spent it with you (Clap your hands y'all it's alright) It's alright (Clap your hands y'all it's alright)  Blaine: If I wake up in World War III (World War III) I see destruction and poverty (In my mind, you're mine) Kurt: And I feel like I want to go home It's okay (Okay) if you're comin' with me  All: Clap your hands y'all it's alright (It's alright) Clap your hands y'all it's alright (Oh yeah)  New Directions: 'Cause your love is my love, and my love is your love It would take an eternity to break us And the chains of Amistad couldn't hold us Your love is my love, and my love is your love It would take an eternity to break us And the chains of Amistad couldn't hold us  Clap your hands y'all it's alright (It's alright!) Clap your hands y'all it's alright Clap your hands y'all it's alright (Mmm mmm)  Artie: If I lose my fame and fortune (Blaine: Really don't matter) Yeah, and I'm homeless on the street (Mercedes: On street, oh Lord) And I'm sleepin' in Grand Central Station (Mercedes: Okay) It's okay if you're sleepin' with me  New Directions: Clap your hands y'all it's alright Clap your hands y'all it's alright (Alright)  Kurt: As the years they pass us by (Artie: Years they, years they, years) Blaine: We stay young through each other's eyes Mercedes: Each other's eyes And no matter how old we get, it's okay.. Artie: It's okay as long as I got you babe  New Directions: Clap your hands y'all it's alright Clap your hands y'all it's alright  'Cause your love is my love, and my love is your love It would take an eternity to break us And the chains of Amistad couldn't hold us 'Cause your love is my love, and my love is your love It would take an eternity to break us And the chains of Amistad couldn't hold us  Artie: If I should die this very day (Very very very day) Don't cry, 'cause on earth we wasn't meant to stay (Don't cry) Mercedes: And and no matter what the people say (Really don't matter) New Directions: I'll be waiting for you after the Judgement Day  'Cause your love is my love, and my love is your love It would take an eternity to break us And the chains of Amistad couldn't 'Cause your love is my love, and my love is your love It would take an eternity to break us And the chains of Amistad couldn't hold us Your love is my love, and my love is your love It would take an eternity to break us And the chains of Amistad couldn't hold us  Clap your hands y'all it's alright (Clap your hands)  Clap your hands y'all it's alright (Clap your hands) (Clap, clap, clap your hands y'all) Clap your hands y'all it's alright (Clap, clap, clap your hands y'all) Clap your hands y'all it's alright (Clap, clap, clap your hands y'all) (Come on!) Clap your hands y'all it's alright (Clap your hands y'all) (Clap, clap, clap your hands y'all) Clap your hands y'all it's alright  'Cause your love is my love, and my love is your love 
She's leaning on my window sill I'm praying that soon she will Come on back inside to me She said she gave me all she could Loved me better than she should Now I find it hard to leave  Well I know it's hard Is it so complicated? I'm running now Yes, I'm running now Ooh, so don't you try to save me  It's been this way most every night 'Cause Lord knows how we love to fight She says I'll never understand Begging me to let her go If you never lose, will you ever know How to be a better man?  She says it's hard Is it so complicated? I'm running now Yes, I'm running now Ooh, so don't you try to save me I'm running now Yes, I'm running now Ooh, is it so complicated? I'm running now Yes, I'm running now Ooh, so don't you try to save me I'm running now Yes, I'm running now  She's leaning on my window sill I'm praying that soon she will Come on back inside to me 
It's like a song, that no one hears I'm screaming out, but you're not here All I wanna do All I wanna do Is say I love you All I wanna do All I wanna do Is say I care  Words don't work Feeling like they have no worth Here and now Is nothing in between  How could I Ever describe the way I feel? Why should I Even try when obviously All the words that I say seem to get in my way Only wish I could Say it with a heartbeat, say it with a (Say it with a, say it with a...)  It's like a stage Without a crowd My best performance But no one's proud All I wanna do All I wanna do Is say I love you All I wanna do All I wanna do Is say I care  I swear my words don't work Feeling like they have no worth Here and now there's nothing in between  How could I Ever describe the way I feel? Why should I Even try when obviously all the words that I say Seem to get in my way Only wish I could Say it with a heartbeat (Say it with a, say it with a) Say it with a heartbeat (Say it with a, say it with a) Say it with a heartbeat 
Even if you were a million miles away I could still feel you in my bed Near me, touch me, feel me And even at the bottom of the sea I could still hear inside my head Tellin' me, touch me, feel me  And all the time you were tellin' me lies  So tonight, I'm gonna find a way to make it without you Tonight I'm gonna find a way to make it without you I'm gonna hold on to the times we had tonight I'm gonna find a way to make it without you  Have you ever tried sleeping with a broken heart? Well, you could try sleeping in my bed  Lonely, own me nobody ever shut it down like you You wore the crown You made my body feel heaven bound Why don't you hold me Near me, I thought you told me You'd never leave me  Looking in the sky I could see your face And I know right where I fit in Take me, make me, you know that I'll always be in love With you Right till the end Ooh  So tonight, I'm gonna find a way to make it without you Tonight I'm gonna find a way to make it without you I'm gonna hold on to the times we had tonight I'm gonna find a way to make it without you  Anybody could've told you right from the start It's about to fall apart So rather than hold on to a broken dream Or just hold on to love  And I could find a way to make it Don't hold on too tight I'll make it without you tonight  So tonight, I'm gonna find a way to make it without you Tonight I'm gonna find a way to make it without you I'm gonna hold on to the times that we had tonight I'm gonna find a way to make it without you 
It's a small town, word gets around And travels in circles through hoops over hurdles Everyone's careless They talk about our mess They don't care how it hurts me Must think it was easy  They say you have a new love I'm happy for you, love I just don't wanna meet her Are you gonna keep her?  'Cause I don't wanna see you with her I don't wanna see her face Resting in your embrace Her feets standing in my place I don't wanna see you moved on I don't think that I'm that strong It hasn't been that long Since I was the one in your arms  I don't like being sober That's when it hits me it's over All though it was my choice I can't shake your calm voice Saying you found one that makes you feel as strong And helps you through hard times 'Cause that job was once mine  They say you have a new love I'm happy for you, love I just don't wanna meet her Are you gonna keep her?  'Cause I don't wanna see you with her I don't wanna see her face Resting in your embrace Her feets standing in my place Guess I don't wanna see you moved on I don't think that I'm that strong It hasn't been that long Since I was the one in your arms I don't wanna see you with her  I don't wanna see you with her 'Cause I don't wanna see you with her I don't wanna see her face Resting in your embrace Her feets standing in my place Oh, I don't wanna see you moved on I don't think that I'm that strong It hasn't been that long Since I was the one in your arms 'Cause I don't wanna see you with her 
You thought you had me, did you? When you lied to my face, I could see the truth Every step with the way I knew How you fooled me both  Guess you didn't know that you were my favorite entertainer I watch you and laugh with, and fuck with you Don't you tear me for a fool In this game, I own the rules You were my favorite entertainer I watch you, I laugh with, with fake it too Don't you tear me for a fool I'ma show you a thing or two  Never seen you coming, I'll turn you down When you need me the most, I will turn you When you need me the most, I will turn you down Never seen me coming, I'll turn you down When you need me the most, I will turn you When you need me the most, I will turn you down  Thought that you were smarter, I'm ashamed for you I knew it right away when you stopped lovin' me It happened when your touch wasn't enough for me  Thought that you should know that you were my favorite entertainer I watch you and laugh with, and fuck with you Don't you blame me for a fool In this game, I own the rules You were my favorite entertainer I watch you, I laugh with, with fake it too Don't you blame me for a fool I'ma show you a thing or two  Never seen you coming, I'll turn you down When you need me the most, I will turn you When you need me the most, I will turn you down Never seen me coming, I'll turn you down When you need me the most, I will turn you When you need me the most, I will turn you down  Know it's harder to take, and let's face it No one's playing your games, let's face it I'm being straight up I know fake love when I see it anyway I'ma turn you down when you need me anyway, anyway, anyway  Never seen you coming, I'll turn you down When you need me the most, I will turn you When you need me the most, I will turn you down Never seen me coming, I'll turn you down When you need me the most, I will turn you When you need me the most, I will turn you down  I know you need me the most The most, the most One more time 
Mmm, baby I don't understand this You're changing, I can't stand it My heart can't take this damage And the way I feel, can't stand it Mmm, baby I don't understand this You're changing, I can't stand it My heart can't take this damage And the way I feel, can't stand it Mmm, baby I don't understand it  Girl, you're making it hard for me Girl, you're making it hard for me Girl, you're making it hard for me, uh Girl, you're making it hard for me Girl, you're making it hard for me Girl, you're making it hard for me  Mmm, baby I don't understand this You're changing, I can't stand it My heart can't take this damage And the way I feel, can't stand it Mmm, baby I don't understand this You're changing, I can't stand it My heart can't take this damage And the way I feel, can't stand it Mmm, baby I don't understand this You're changing, I can't stand it My heart can't take this damage And the way I feel, can't stand it Mmm, baby I don't understand it 
Ooh I'm broken, Do you hear me? I'm blinded, 'Cause you are everything I see I'm dancing, alone I'm praying That your heart will just turn around  And as I walk up to your door My head turns to face the floor 'Cause I can't look you in the eyes and say  When he opens his arms And holds you close tonight It just won't feel right 'Cause I can love you more than this, yeah When he lays you down, I might just die inside It just don't feel right 'Cause I can love you more than this I can love you more than this  If I'm louder Would you see me? Would you lay down in my arms and rescue me? 'Cause we are, the same You saved me, but when you leave it's gone again  And then I see you on the street In his arms, I get weak My body fails, I'm on my knees Praying  When he opens his arms And holds you close tonight It just won't feel right 'Cause I can love you more than this, yeah When he lays you down, I might just die inside It just don't feel right 'Cause I can love you more than this  Yeah, I've never had the words to say But now I'm asking you to stay For a little while inside my arms, yeah And as you close your eyes tonight I pray that you will see the light That's shining from the stars above  When he opens his arms And holds you close tonight It just won't feel right 'Cause I can love you more than this 'Cause I can love you more than this, yeah  When he lays you down, I might just die inside It just don't feel right 'Cause I can love you more than this, yeah  When he opens his arms And holds you close tonight It just won't feel right 'Cause I can love you more than this, yeah  When he lays you down, I might just die inside (I'm broken) It just don't feel right 'Cause I can love you more than this  I can love you more than this 
(One, two, three, four)  I wish someone explained to me How losing you was gonna make me feel Like someone shot a hole in me And left me out for the wolves to eat  You're in my blood You're in my bones On my mind wherever I go Can you hear me? I miss you today (Hey-hey-hey) It's just not the same (Hey-hey-hey)  And I still drive by your old house Fight back tears and turn the music loud Your favorite song, my LCD Soundsystem is always on repeat  You're in my blood You're in my bones On my mind wherever I go Can you hear me? I miss you today (Hey-hey-hey) It's just not the same (Hey-hey-hey) I miss you today (Hey-hey-hey) And I'd give it all away if I could get you back  And I can't hold on I can't hold on I can't hold on I can't hold on  You're in my blood You're in my bones On my mind wherever I go Can you hear me? I miss you today (Hey-hey-hey) It's just not the same (Hey-hey-hey) I really miss you today (Hey-hey-hey) It's just not the same (Hey-hey-hey)  And I can't hold on I can't hold on And I can't hold on And I  It's just not the same I miss you today 
I'm coming up only to hold you under And coming up only to show you're wrong And to know you is hard; we wonder... To know you all wrong; we warn  Really too late to call So we wait for morning To wake you is all we got To know me as hardly golden Is to know me all wrong, they warn  At every occasion I'll be ready for the funeral At every occasion, once more, it's called the funeral At every occasion, oh, I'm ready for the funeral At every occasion, oh, one billion day funeral  I'm coming up only to show you're down for And coming up only to show you're wrong  To the outside, the dead leaves lay on the lawn For they don't have trees to hang upon  At every occasion I'll be ready for the funeral At every occasion, once more, it's called the funeral At every occasion, oh, I'm ready for the funeral Every occasion, oh, one billion day funeral 
I wish I could tie you up in my shoes Make you feel unpretty too I was told I was beautiful But what does that mean to you?  Look into the mirror, who's inside there? The one with the long hair Same old me again today, yeah  My outsides look cool My insides are blue Every time I think I'm through It's because of you  I've tried different ways But it's all the same At the end of the day I have myself to blame I'm just trippin'  You can buy your hair if it won't grow You can fix your nose if he says so You can buy all the make up That MAC can make  But if you can't look inside you Find out who am I to Be in the position to make me feel So damn unpretty I'll make you feel unpretty too  Never insecure until I met you Now I'm being stupid I used to be so cute to me Just a little bit skinny  Why do I look to all these things? To keep you happy Maybe get rid of you And then I'll get back to me, hey  My outsides look cool My insides are blue Every time I think I'm through It's because of you  I've tried different ways But it's all the same At the end of the day I have myself to blame Believe I'm trippin'  You can buy your hair if it won't grow You can fix your nose if he says so You can buy all the make up That MAC can make  But if you can't look inside you Find out who am I to Be in the position to make me feel So damn unpretty I'll make you feel unpretty too  You can buy your hair if it won't grow You can fix your nose if he says so You can buy all the make up That MAC can make  But if you can't look inside you Find out who am I to Be in the position to make me feel So damn unpretty I'll make you feel unpretty too  You can buy your hair if it won't grow You can fix your nose if he says so You can buy all the make up That MAC can make  But if you can't look inside you Find out who am I to Be in the position to make me feel So damn unpretty 
Leave me alone, I wanna go home It's all in my head, I won't be upset if Leave me alone, I wanna go home It's all in my head, I won't be upset if Heartbroken, misspoken, breaking anything I touch I'm not in love, I won't let you control what I want Hate me, won't break me, I'm killing everyone I love Hate me, won't break me, I'm killing everyone I love  Hey you, hey you, you, what, hey you Hey you, you, no, you, you, you  Hate me, won't break me, I'm killing everyone I love 
Valerie Felony needs a chauffeur and a fake ID And her charming art is larceny And nothing is fun Because when all your friends are easy breezy Down on their knees, Love's just a business, You're so eager to please So don't be a baby, baby Don't be a tease - And if you stay over, When I wake, you'd better be gone  Oh, Cindy Facsimile, She's a carbon-copied honeybee And her eyes are wild as PCP And she's got a gun And she takes picture in the mirror As she's been told to do, Jet-black mascara as she's staring through you She's even given herself a nickname, too, But it won't catch on, because it's dumb And doesn't make sense  And I-I-I-I-I know I'm settling for you And I know tomorrow I'll regret the things I do But when we're in this deep, Oh, we know that this much is true, 'Cause we're all up and we're still spun A twelve-pack and the damage done  All in all, it's not enough - She drinks cocktails when she wakes up, And her breath smells just like cough syrup All throughout the day But Casey Cliche stays away from strays She likes her dirtbags clean She likes the right rock n roll, But don't know what it means In all her glory stories, Nothing's quite as it seams But even if it's bullshit, From those red lips I'll trust every word  And I-I-I-I-I know I'm settling for you And I know tomorrow I'll regret the things I do But when we're in this deep, Oh, we know that this much is true, 'Cause we're all up and we're still spun A twelve-pack and the damage done  (I think it's contagious!)  And I-I-I-I-I know I'm settling for you And I know tomorrow I'll regret the things I do But when we're in this deep, Oh, we know that this much is true, 'Cause we're all up and we're still spun A twelve-pack and the damage done  And I-I-I-I-I know I'm settling for you And I know tomorrow I'll regret the things I do But when we're in this deep, Oh, we know that this much is true, 'Cause we're all up and we're still spun A twelve-pack and the damage done 
Right from the start You were a thief, you stole my heart And I your willing victim I let you see the parts of me That weren't all that pretty And with every touch you fixed them  Now you've been talking in your sleep, oh, oh Things you never say to me, oh, oh Tell me that you've had enough Of our love, our love  Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again  It's in the stars It's been written in the scars On our hearts, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again  I'm sorry, I don't understand Where all of this is coming from I thought that we were fine (Oh, we had everything) Your head is running wild again My dear, we still have everythin' And it's all in your mind (Yeah, but this is happening)  You've been havin' real bad dreams, oh, oh You still lie so close to me, oh, oh There's nothing more than empty sheets Between our love, our love Oh, our love, our love, oh  Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again  I never stopped You're still written in the scars On my heart, you're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again  Our tear ducts and rust I'll fix it for us We're collecting dust But our love's enough  You're holding it in You're pouring a drink No, nothing is as bad as it seems We'll come clean  Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again  It's in the stars It's been written in the scars On our hearts, that we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again  Just give me a reason Just a little bit's enough Just a second, we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again  It's in the stars It's been written in the scars On our hearts, that we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again  Oh, we can learn to love again Oh, we can learn to love again Oh-oh, that we're not broken, just bent And we can learn to love again 
Yeah, yo This is not the end, this is not the beginning Just a voice like a riot rocking every revision But you listen to the tone and the violent rhythm And though the words sound steady, something empty's within 'em  We say "Yeah", with fists flying up in the air Like we're holding onto something that's invisible there 'Cause we're living at the mercy of the pain and the fear Until we dead it, forget it, let it all disappear (yeah)  Waiting for the end to come, wishing I had strength to stand This is not what I had planned, it's out of my control Flying at the speed of light, thoughts were spinning in my head So many things were left unsaid, it's hard to let you go  I know what it takes to move on I know how it feels to lie All I wanna do is trade this life for something new Holding on to what I haven't got  Sitting in an empty room, trying to forget the past This was never meant to last, I wish it wasn't so  I know what it takes to move on I know how it feels to lie All I wanna do is trade this life for something new Holding on to what I haven't got  Yo, yeah What was left when that fire was gone? I thought it felt right but that right was wrong All caught up in the eye of the storm I'm trying to figure out what it's like moving on  And I don't even know what kind of things I said My mouth kept moving and my mind went dead So, picking up the pieces now, where to begin? The hardest part of ending is starting again  All I wanna do is trade this life for something new Holding on to what I haven't got  This is not the end, this is not the beginning Just a voice like a riot rocking every revision (I'm holding on to what I haven't got) But you listen to the tone and the violet rhythm Though the words sound steady, something empty's within 'em  We say "Yeah", with fists flying up in the air Like we're holding onto something that's invisible there (Holding on to what I haven't got) 'Cause we're living at the mercy of the pain and the fear Until we dead it, forget it, let it all disappear 
We were on the throne, living on our own Hunting my own skin, want it to break in (break it in) She just wanna dance, I'mma get them bands Make a lot of stacks, bitch, I'd die for my respect  Wrist, diamonds, ice, neon green lights Don't care about the price, I cop it, I smash it, this size Wrist, diamonds, ice, percocet, my Sprite Percys in my Sprite, Louis bag, three stripes  As I walk through the fire with my wings I could only stop for this iron like a lane She just want to pop all the molly in the Benz I've been getting rich, making money with my friends Bitch, we off them shits, time to stay until the end I'm just trynna pop all the bottles, fuck the feds I got 50 pills all up in our money bags She gon' watch how I spend it, like, just to get it back Sitting on the field, snakes through the money tracks Breaking in and entering, bitch we popping tags Keep the fire burning off a blunt like candle wax Burning down your money 'til it ain't nothing to stack  We were on the throne, living on our own Hunting my own skin, want it to break in (break it in) She just wanna dance, I'mma get them bands Make a lot of stacks, bitch, I'd die for my respect  Flick all my lights, chain, dirty Sprite Living my life, I'm alright, shawty, she my type Die for this I might, chains all freeze outside Flick all my lights, chain, dirty Sprite  As I hop by the avenue with my wings Baby don't stop, wanna give you everything When we off them rocks, I'mma tell you everything Soap on my shoes and on my heart, it's getting thin But you're a butterfly riding through the desert winds I'm a really bad, I love all the finer things When I come close, close to you I can't sin Heaven knows I'm bad, but Lord, I can't fix a thing Fly too close to the sun, my wings give in I gave you my whole life, don't owe you a thing As I chose life and this rug made of mink Burning down the Winter 'cause I'm over everything  We were on the throne, living on our own (Leandoer stranger) Hunting my own skin, want it to break in (break it in) She just wanna dance, I'mma get them bands Make a lot of stacks, bitch, I'd die for my respect 
Memories running through my bloodstreams, I'm always just a bottle away from you White fingers clinched around the pictures, clinched around the hope I'm holding to  And, I would wait a thousand years, just to hear you say my name again Just to hear it like you meant it that night we touched And, I would wait a thousand more, just to find out what you left me for Just to find out, because I need to know now  These long days, you're nothing but a story I keep telling just to drown out that goodbye I still see it, you're slamming that old front door I never thought it'd really be goodbye  And, I would wait a thousand years, just to hear you say my name again Just to hear it like you meant it that night we touched And, I would wait a thousand more, just to find out what you left me for Just to find out, because I need to know now  And, I'll drink till all my blood is filled with you Till the whiskey drowns my sorrow, and I'm not thinking about tomorrow Oh, whatever it takes to feel you again, to feel you again  And, I would wait a thousand years, just to hear you say my name again Just to hear it like you meant it that night we touched And, I would wait a thousand more, just to find out what you left me for Just to find out, because I need to know now 
This is my winter song to you The storm is coming soon It rolls in from the sea  My voice; a beacon in the night My words will be your light To carry you to me  Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love  They say that things just cannot grow Beneath the winter snow Or so I have been told  They say were buried far Just like a distant star I simply cannot hold  Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive?  This is my winter song December never felt so wrong 'Cause you're not where you belong Inside my arms  Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum Bum bum bum bum bum bum Bum bum bum bum bum bum  I still believe in summer days The seasons always change And life will find a way  I'll be your harvester of light And send it out tonight So we can start again  Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive?  This is my winter song December never felt so wrong 'Cause you're not where you belong Inside my arms  This is my winter song to you The storm is coming soon It rolls in from the sea  My love a beacon in the night My words will be your light To carry you to me  Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive? Is love alive? 
Here, where the sky's falling I'm covered in blue I'm running and I'm crawling Fighting for you When the rain stops Then, darling, what will I do And I know I go all in But why do I  You give me a reason Something to believe in I know, I know, I know You give me a meaning Something I can breathe in I know, I know, I know It's a bittersweet feeling Longing and I'm leaving I go, I go, I go But I wish I was there with you Oh, I wish I was there with you  There's a crack in my window A bird in my room Angels all over That watch over you When I'm walking on water All my dreams have come true Still, nothing means nothing Without you, you  You give me a reason Something to believe in I know, I know, I know You give me a meaning Something I can breathe in I know, I know, I know It's a bittersweet feeling Longing and I'm leaving I go, I go, I go Tell my heart to lie But I know deep inside it's true That I wish I was there with you That I wish I was there with you Oh, I wish I was there with you  You give me a reason Something to believe in I know, I know, I know You give me a meaning Something I can breathe in I know, I know, I know It's a bittersweet feeling Longing and I'm leaving I go, I go, I go Tell my heart to lie But I know deep inside it's true That I wish I was there with you That I wish I was there with you Oh, I wish I was there with you 
Show 'em what you got baby Show 'em you the shit Go on throw it to the wall, somthing gonna stick, believe that F-ck these other bitches don't trip You've been working too hard, tell 'em n-ggas cut the check  I know you hustle baby I ain't gotta tell ya You can give it everything but they take it if you let em But, bills don't stop so you keep the money coming Cause you taking care of mama, lil brother, baby cousin The way you move you're body girl you know your gonna get it How the f-ck you else you going where the shoe ain't fitted? Say hi to every hater, take a picture screen saver Throw the middle finger, tell 'em bitches see ya later  Show 'em what you got baby Show 'em you the shit Go on throw it to the wall, something gonna stick, believe that F-ck these other bitches, don't trip You've been working too hard, tell 'em n-ggas cut the check  Goin' pick up all this money, I know you don't mind Go on take it to the back and count every single dime  Show 'em what you got baby Show 'em you the shit Go on throw it to the wall, baby somthing gonna give  With your pretty little buttons you a pretty little flower So when they talk money, baby tell 'em talk louder Cause all that bullshit is smoke signals to the rider You in it for the commission Every muthaf-cking dollar  The way that body movin' it's hard to understand You ain't never been a bitch to execute without the plan I ain't never seen a mark supplier without demand And f-ck credit baby tell 'em broke n-ggas stop playing  Gun snooze off?, just take them shoes off Let me get that all, that body so soft Cause you know it's gon count baby if you gon give it And know it ain't a life if you don't live it, baby  Show 'em what you got baby  Show 'em you the shit Go on throw it to the wall, somthing gonna stick, yaa diiig! F-ck these other bitches, don't trip You've been working too hard, tell 'em n-ggas cut the check  And pick up all this money, I know you on your grind Go on take it to the back and count up every single dime Show 'em what you got girl Show 'em you the shit Go on throw it to the wall, baby, something gonna give, yaa diiig!  You the shit, you the shit Yeah mommy You the shit, you the shit Uh huh You the shit, you the shit Yeah mommy You the shit  Show 'em what you got baby Show 'em you the shit Go on throw it to the wall, baby, somthing gonna stick, yaa diiig! F-ck these other bitches don't trip You've been working too hard, tell 'em n-ggas cut the check  And pick up all this money, I know you on your grind Go on take it to the back and count up every single dime Show 'em what you got baby Show 'em you the shit Go on throw it to the wall, somthing gonna give, yaa diiig!  Show 'em what you got baby Show 'em you the shit Go on throw it to the wall, baby somthing gonna stick, yaa diiig! F-ck these other bitches don't trip You've been working too hard, tell 'em n-ggas cut the check  Pick up all this money, I know you on your grind Go on take it to the back and count up every single dime Go on, show 'em what you got baby Show 'em you the shit Go on throw it to the wall, somthing gonna give, hear dat! 
It's in the eyes of the beholder And it's you I'm looking at Oh your freckles span a constellation Your whole body is a map  But I know where I'm going I have known a long long time And girl you're going with me Cause tonight girl you're all mine  There's no point in trying to hide it I will come and find it I know it's in there somewhere Your love for me is out there I can hear it calling Where's your sense of belonging? We could be getting frisky girl Till three o'clock in the morning  Something caught my attention Yeah it's you I'm talking 'bout Cause your eyes are like an ocean I can dive straight into that  And I feel like a wave passed When I'm 'round you Nothing can bring me down You make me candles Nothing I would think can stop us now  There's no point in trying to hide it I will come and find it I know it's in there somewhere Your love for me is out there I can hear it calling Where's your sense of belonging? We could be getting frisky girl Till three o'clock in the morning  Oh baby, why'd you keep on fighting me? You won't know what you got until it's gone So smooth your hair back on Know that you're my girl You are my number, my number one My number one Girl, you're my number one  There's no point in trying to hide it I will come and find it I know it's in there somewhere Your love for me is out there I can hear it calling Where's your sense of belonging? We could be getting frisky girl Till three o'clock in the morning 
I'm not a stranger No I am yours With crippled anger And tears that still drip sore  A fragile flame aged Is misery And when our hearts meet I know you see  I do not want to be afraid I do not want to die inside just to breathe in I'm tired of feeling so numb Relief exists I find it when  I am cut  I may seem crazy Or painfully shy And these scars wouldn't be so hidden  If you would just look me in the eye I feel alone here and cold here Though I don't want to die But the only anesthetic that makes me feel anything kills inside  I do not want to be afraid I do not want to die inside just to breathe in I'm tired of feeling so numb Relief exists I find it when  I am cut  Pain I am not alone I am not alone  I'm not a stranger No I am yours With crippled anger And tears that still drip sore  But I do not want to be afraid I do not want to die inside just to breathe in I'm tired of feeling so numb Relief exists I found it when I was cut 
Even though, I wasn't bold I didn't doubt the Lord I didn't know what to think when He came And said, Speak to them all my words But my Lord, I speak so horribly And I feel like I'm far to young Somebody else should take my place You know that God told me to move along  Whoa! Be bold, Jeremiah Don't let them see you are afraid Whoa! Be bold, Jeremiah Let them hear what I've got to say  Prophesied to all my friends and foes Prophesied to people I'd just met They all threw me out and said go away It might be 'cause I prophesied their destruction But my Lord keeps callin' me back there As I get on with servin' my sentence Prophesyin'- got tears in my eyes You know that God said, Go and tell them all to Get repentant  Dungeon bound they threw me in the ground Until the king pulled me out I've got to keep on preachin' on They all said, Big deal, he's a prisoner now! And I'm hopin' for some visitation You know but I can surely see That I don't want to get cut off whenever Punishment's comin' down on this city  Be bold, Jeremiah- Carry the news I spoke Be bold, Jeremiah- And prepare them for Babylon 
I am wasted, losing time I'm a foolish, fragile spine I want all that is not mine I want him but we're not right  In the darkness I will meet my creators And they will all agree, that I'm a suffocator  I should go now quietly For my bones have found a place to lie down and sleep Where all my layers can become reeds All my limbs can become trees All my children can become me What a mess I leave To follow To follow To follow To follow  In the darkness I will meet my creators They will all agree, I'm a suffocator Suffocator Suffocator  Oh no I'm sorry if I smothered you I'm sorry if I smothered you I sometimes wish I'd stayed inside My mother Never to come out 
Free my nigga lil BH  I fell in love with the streets, yeah I was 16 (youngin) Grinding like Clipse, tryna get cream (let's get it) A little nigga in the field, was doing big things Big hammers, big work, and had a big team It was popping round the time we had it in green The whip was dirty, narcs tryna sweep the strip clean Plus we had that wife dirt, you know, that Christine Aculera, that should dare her, make a rick fiend Go broke tryna fix dreams Watching niggas cook the coke it looked like whipped cream And I was tryna get cake (I was hungry) My old auntie told me just wait But I was crooked, tryna get straight The hundreds with the big face The money made me feel great Like Tony the Tiger, when he get flakes Talking the frosted ones My heart was so cold had to defrost my lungs Get (?) paranoid, and go hard with guns Ready to squeeze on any nigga with ease Nightmares of being murdered I believed How the judge gon blame me 'Cause when them niggas come to kill me nobody gon save me Label me a felon 'fore you label me as telling Upstate jail and tuna soup and getting melon Tell em, was raining yesterday but now it's hailing It's death up in the air, you can smell it Man they got the reaper round the corner tryna catch a body The hungry youngins up the street they tryna catch somebody Slipping, they got their smith and they gon stretch some bodies If they don't get paid, somebody gon get sprayed And one love to my niggas in the twist cage No commissary chow without the lid tray Guard spit in it, but you can feel your rib cage Touch it so you're like fuck I got to live today You niggas fucking with them hoes, I'm fucking with them Benjis I be cutting up them O's, fucking with that stove That shit you made last week, I fucked it up on clothes Spend half of that on Prada and the other half on dros Whoa! (whoa Meek Milly!) I said nigga do you, Imma do me That haze it got him in the zone like a 23 Them niggas need a smoke, we got that oohwee Purp by the pound, ounces of the sour D We 32 deglizzys, compact to max Sliding through they hood, turn it down, back to back Looking for these pussys, now where these faggots at Skis, dickies, and hoodies show where they trapping at Murder murder graveyard, funeral service for em Embalming floor, obituary and hearses for em That choppa do him, his mama mourning and hurting for him We collect bosses, they flunkies, whoever working for em  Yeah, Meek motherfucking Milly You niggas know what it is BH we straight to the motherfucking day that I die nigga Free my nigga lil GT franchise we got the game on motherfucking lock And if you think you fucking with me nigga, hit that Stu Hart And get your fucking game right Plain and simple Boss 
I'm jealous of the rain That falls upon your skin It's closer than my hands have been I'm jealous of the rain  I'm jealous of the wind That ripples through your clothes It's closer than your shadow I'm jealous of the wind  So I wished you the best of all this world could give And I told you when you left me there's nothing to forgive But I always thought you'd come back Tell me all you found was heartbreak and misery It's hard for me to say I'm jealous of the way you're happy without me  I'm jealous of the nights That I don't spend with you I'm wondering who you lay next to Oh I'm jealous of the nights  I'm jealous of the love, Love that was in here Gone for someone else to share Oh I'm jealous of the love  So I wished you the best of all this world could give And I told you when you left me there's nothing to forgive But I always thought you'd come back Tell me all you found was heartbreak and misery It's hard for me to say I'm jealous of the way you're happy without me  As I sink in the sand Watch you slip through my hands Oh, as I die here another day 'Cause all I do is cry behind the smile  I wished you the best of all this world could give And I told you when you left me there's nothing to forgive But I always thought you'd come back Tell me all you found was heartbreak and misery It's hard for me to say I'm jealous of the way you're happy without me It's hard for me to say I'm jealous of the way you're happy without me 
Step one: you say, "We need to talk" He walks, you say, "Sit down, it's just a talk" He smiles politely back at you You stare politely right on through  Some sort of window to your right As he goes left and you stay right Between the lines of fear and blame You begin to wonder why you came  Where did I go wrong? I lost a friend Somewhere along in the bitterness And I would have stayed up with you all night Had I known how to save a life  Let him know that you know best 'Cause after all you do know best Try to slip past his defense Without granting innocence  Lay down a list of what is wrong The things you've told him all along And pray to God he hears you And pray to God he hears you  Where did I go wrong? I lost a friend Somewhere along in the bitterness And I would have stayed up with you all night Had I known how to save a life  As he begins to raise his voice You lower yours and grant him one last choice Drive until you lose the road Or brake with the ones you've followed  He will do one of two things He will admit to everything Or he'll say he's just not the same And you'll begin to wonder why you came  Where did I go wrong? I lost a friend Somewhere along in the bitterness And I would have stayed up with you all night Had I known how to save a life  Where did I go wrong? I lost a friend Somewhere along in the bitterness And I would have stayed up with you all night Had I known how to save a life  How to save a life How to save a life  Where did I go wrong? I lost a friend Somewhere along in the bitterness And I would have stayed up with you all night Had I known how to save a life  Where did I go wrong? I lost a friend Somewhere along in the bitterness And I would have stayed up with you all night Had I known how to save a life  How to save a life How to save a life 
The sergeant's orders could be heard all around He said, "boys, we're gonna have us a shakedown." So baby, find some walls to hide in between Or these no good suckers just might suck us clean  You looked so desperate from the shoreline To find some peace of mind and leave this all behind And then we'll prominade To this red mascarade's marching drum (To this headstrong brigade's marching drum)  They packed the neighborhood with guns and police Growled through the bullhorn, "we've come to set you free" Remember elliott said "they're killing a southern belle" If it's true, then we're next and it's just as well 
Yo, who dat boy? Who him is? Him that ni-guh, I swear Stand out guy, him don't need no chair Well, where the fuck him at? 'Cause nigga, I'm right here I don't shop at the mall, all y'all just Dumb mothafucka, I'm a goddamn artist You can give me some markers and I'll draw you a closet And you know that it's GOLF, bitch, gonna make the deposit Nigga fresh to death like he got dressed in a coffin Cons, overalls, and a striped shirt The boy drips swag like a broken faucet It's runnin', nigga, I'm runnin' shit That cherry be the bomb like he ran in Boston Won't stop 'til the cops surround him One nigga jiggy and the other awesome With his fuckin' face blown off, that's how they found him It's Young T  Who dat boy? Who him is? Who dat boy? Who him is? Nigga, who dat boy? Who him is? Who dem boys? Nigga, who dem is, nigga? Why you niggas feel like that? Mad 'cause a nigga neck chill like that You mad 'cause a nigga push wheel like that? Why you puttin' bad vibes in the air like that? Nigga, who dem boys?  Who dem is? Nigga, who dem is? Who else step in this bitch this jig? Who else your bitch say got a bick this big? Who else came through with a wrist this flick? Nigga, Guess my pants, do my dance Spin around, bitch, you could kiss my ass Never seen a nigga in this much Raf Still doin' math when I miss my class Was it Summertime '06, had the Number (N)ine Nigga, never mind, was another time before Vince Had the Gucci gold tips with the letterman Nigga, dollar sign was my favorite number at the time Fresh freshmen 'til they skipped my ass Senior citizen, don't forget my pass Been that nigga and you knew that there Make the dick disappear, how she do that there?  Who dat boy? Who him is? Who dat boy? Who him is? Nigga, who dat boy? Who him is? Who dem boys? Nigga, who dem is, nigga? Why you niggas feel like that? Mad 'cause a nigga's neck chill like that You mad 'cause a nigga push wheel like that? Why you puttin' bad vibes in the-?  Fuck the rap, I'm tryna own a planet From my other fuckin' business ventures These niggas these days Actin' like some bitches, like they're fuckin' with ya (yeah) Teeth is glistenin', Jesus, Christmas He just shittin', she exquisite, bitches be expensive (Yeah, let 'em know, nigga) And I don't even need attention WANG$AP on the bumper sticker, fuck you niggas Fuck global warming, my neck is so frío I'm currently lookin' for '95 Leo My mom say she worried because I'm so ill I should stay in bed, but got too much bread To make, she said watch my weight So I stayed home and start eatin' some meals Get out of my way, way, boy that's McLaren That's 0 to 60 in 2 point nueve, I'm gone  Call me, call me, call me, uh Call me, call me, call me, uh Call me, call me, call me, uh Call me, call me, call me Call me, how you doin'? Call me, my name is Lonely, nice to meet you Here's my number, you can reach me, woo! 911, call me, call me some time 911, call me, call me some time 911, call me, call me some time 911, call me 911, call me 
I'm like yo, these niggas is wildin' right now Like, these niggas is really wildin', you know what I'm sayin'? Like, we ain't playin' with y'all niggas, man, ya heard? Sometimes you just gotta catch chlamydia on these niggas, G-shit You know what I'm sayin'? Gonorrhea, all that shit All of that shit I catch all diseases in the world So the world don't have no more diseases, you feel me? (G-shit) Yeah, yeah P. Soul on the track  I'm as real as they come, they feel it, get numb You think you got a little buzz, so now you can't get stung? I keep a razor blade tucked on me, runnin' my tongue Don't let me have to tell these niggas about the city I'm from It's Brooklyn, be the home of hardest ever Where them niggas don't aim, they just palm Berettas And bomb whatever, say we don't move calmly never This for my niggas trapped in cells like salmonella Look, I could do this shit with no effort No pressure, no gimmick shit, no radio records Just textbook rhyme style with the raw texture Punchlines, right hooks, now that's a trifecta No more free lectures, I'm taxin' these niggas extra This the Pro of all Eras, he's back in your sector So, might be best to protect your neck Or profess your debt to the god, he might bless ya  Murder these flows like I murder these ho- Ass niggas, where the fuck is your energy, bro? Make your nigga deep throat a Desert Eagle If he try me like a ho, pussy boy, that's on my soul Make my flow shapeshift, cold expression like a facelift I could probably swing like eight grips if you talkin' all that ape shit I'm not talkin' YM Bape shit, but I'm bangin' on my chest, bitch Travelin' through the infinity, uh You not that nigga, pretend to be, uh All that bullshit do not get to me, uh I am a spirit, an entity, uh You just wanna suck all my energy, uh I am the realest since Kennedy, uh You pussy ass niggas fuckin' suck, you sound the same I spit the pain, that's why the young niggas feel the same They know I bang, I pull a fuckin' pistol out the Range and act insane  I spent years at the crib, so I don't feel the pain no more I don't feel the pain no more I gotta get it how I live, I don't feel the pain no more I don't feel the pain no more I spent years at the crib, so I don't feel the pain no more I don't feel the pain no more I gotta get it how I live, so I don't feel the pain no more I don't feel the pain no I spent years at the crib, so I don't feel the pain no more So I don't feel the pain no more I gotta get it how I live, I don't feel the pain no more I don't feel the pain no more I spent years at the crib, so I don't feel the pain no more I don't feel the pain no more I gotta get it how I live, so I don't feel the pain no more I don't feel the pain no, more 
Now, usually I don't do this but uh Go ahead and break 'em off a little preview of the remix  Now I'm not tryin' ta be rude but hey pretty girl I'm feelin' you The way you do the things you do reminds me of my E Lexus Coup That's why I'm all up in your grill tryna getcha to a hotel You must be a football coach the way you got me playin' the field  So baby give me that (toot toot) and let me give ya that (beep beep) Runnin' her hands through my 'fro bouncin' on 24's  While they're sayin' on the radio  It's the remix to Ignition hot and fresh out the kitchen Mama rollin' that body got every man in here wishin' Sippin' on Coke and rum I'm like so what I'm drunk It's the freakin' weekend baby I'm about to have me some fun  Bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce Bounce bounce bounce C'mon   It's like "Murder She Wrote" once I get you out them clothes Privacy is on the door still they can hear ya screamin' more  Girl I'm feeling what you're feelin' no more hopin' and wishin'  I'm about to take my key and stick it in the ignition   So baby give me that (toot toot) and let me give ya that (beep beep) Runnin' her hands through my 'fro bouncin' on 24's  While they're sayin' on the radio  It's the remix to Ignition hot and fresh out the kitchen Mama rollin' that body got every man in here wishin' Sippin' on Coke and rum I'm like so what I'm drunk It's the freakin' weekend baby I'm about to have me some fun  Cristal poppin' in the stretch Navigator  They got food everywhere as if the party was catered  I got fellas to my left and honeys to my right We bring them both together and we got jukin' all night  Then after the show it's the after party (yeah)  And after the party it's the hotel lobby (yeah) And around about 4 you gotta clear the lobby Then take it to your room and somebody   Can I get a (toot toot) can I get a (beep beep) Runnin' her hands through my 'fro bouncin' on 24's  While they're sayin' on the radio  It's the remix to Ignition hot and fresh out the kitchen Mama rollin' that body got every man in here wishin' Sippin' on Coke and rum I'm like so what I'm drunk It's the freakin' weekend baby I'm about to have me some fun  It's the remix to Ignition hot and fresh out the kitchen Mama rollin' that body got every man in here wishin' Sippin' on Coke and rum I'm like so what I'm drunk It's the freakin' weekend baby I'm about to have me some fun  Girl we off in the this jeep foggin' windows up Blastin' the radio in the back of my truck Bouncin' up and down stroke it round and round To the re-mix we just buggin' out 
Pick it up, pick it all up And start again You've got a second chance You could go home Escape it all It's just irrelevant  It's just medicine It's just medicine  You could still be, what you want to What you said you were, when I met you  You've got a warm heart You've got a beautiful brain But it's disintegrating From all the medicine From all the medicine From all the medicine Medicine  You could still be what you want to be What you said you were when you met me  You could still be what you want to What you said you were when I met you When you met me When I met you  Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine Medicine 
You got a fast car I want a ticket to anywhere Maybe we make a deal Maybe together we can get somewhere Any place is better Starting from zero got nothing to lose Maybe we'll make something Me myself I got nothing to prove  You got a fast car I got a plan to get us out of here I been working at the convenience store Managed to save just a little bit of money Won't have to drive too far Just 'cross the border and into the city You and I can both get jobs And finally see what it means to be living  You got a fast car Is it fast enough so we can fly away? We gotta make a decision Leave tonight or live and die this way  So remember when we were driving, driving in your car Speed so fast I felt like I was drunk City lights lay out before us And your arm felt nice wrapped 'round my shoulder And I had a feeling that I belonged I had a feeling that I could be someone Had a feeling that I could be someone  See my old man's got a problem He live with the bottle that's the way it is He says his body's too old for working His body's too young to look like his My mama went off and left him She wanted more from life than he could give I said somebody's got to take care of him So I quit school and that's what I did  You got a fast car We go cruising, entertain ourselves You still ain't got a job And I work in a market as a checkout girl I know things will get better You'll find work and I'll get promoted We'll move out of the shelter Buy a bigger house and live in the suburbs  You got a fast car Is it fast enough so we can fly away? You gotta make a decision Leave tonight or live and die this way  So remember when we were driving, driving in your car Speed so fast I felt like I was drunk City lights lay out before us And your arm felt nice wrapped 'round my shoulder And I had a feeling that I belonged I had a feeling that I could be someone Had a feeling that I could be someone Be someone Had a feeling that I could be someone 
You are in my head When my heart's at war And if I'm ever scared I'll breathe the air In front of your door And I will never knock But that's as far as I'll go It's only in my dreams When I say what I mean But I'll get damn near close Yeah I'll get there  And I'm a stubborn one I'll hide as best I can Got this bright idea If I show my fear I'll be less of a man And I think too much But I don't feel enough With the gun to my head And I might confess That it's you I love  My hands are tied Around you each night And you made me into what you want And it may seem like I fled from you once It made you fall further from this I won't run  'Cause I'm here right now If you'd take the time To let me stumble through How I feel about you As I mess up my life And you'll hear me out Let's just say you will 'Cause if I mouth these words Well I'll crash and burn You'll take me still?  My hands are tied Around you each night My hands are tied Around you each night 
I took a pill in Ibiza To show Avicii I was cool And when I finally got sober, felt 10 years older But fuck it, it was something to do I'm living out in LA I drive a sports car just to prove I'm a real big baller 'cause I made a million dollars And I spend it on girls and shoes  But you don't wanna be high like me Never really knowing why like me You don't ever wanna step off that roller coaster and be all alone You don't wanna ride the bus like this Never knowing who to trust like this You don't wanna be stuck up on that stage singing Stuck up on that stage singing All I know are sad songs, sad songs Darling, all I know are sad songs, sad songs  I'm just a singer who already blew his shot I get along with old timers 'Cause my name's a reminder of a pop song people forgot And I can't keep a girl, no 'Cause as soon as the sun comes up I cut 'em all loose and work's my excuse But the truth is I can't open up  But you don't wanna be high like me Never really knowing why like me You don't ever wanna step off that roller coaster and be all alone You don't wanna ride the bus like this Never knowing who to trust like this You don't wanna be stuck up on that stage singing Stuck up on that stage singing All I know are sad songs, sad songs Darling, all I know are sad songs, sad songs  I took a plane to my home town I brought my pride and my guitar All my friends are all gone but there's manicured lawns And the people still think I'm a star I walked around downtown I met some fans on Lafayette They said "tell us how to make it 'cause we're getting real impatient" So I looked 'em in the eye and said  You don't wanna be high like me Never really knowing why like me You don't ever wanna step off that roller coaster and be all alone You don't wanna ride the bus like this Never knowing who to trust like this You don't wanna be stuck up on that stage singing Stuck up on that stage singing All that I know are sad songs, sad songs Darling, all that I know are sad songs, sad songs 
Did I disappoint you or let you down? Should I be feeling guilty or let the judges frown? 'Cause I saw the end, before we'd begun Yes, I saw you were blinded and I knew I had won  So I took what's mine by eternal right Took your soul out into the night It may be over but it won't stop there I am here for you, if you'd only care  You touched my heart, you touched my soul You changed my life and all my goals And love is blind, but that I knew when My heart was blinded by you  I've kissed your lips and held your head Shared your dreams and shared your bed I know you well, I know your smell I've been addicted to you  Goodbye my lover Goodbye my friend You have been the one You have been the one for me  Goodbye my lover Goodbye my friend You have been the one You have been the one for me  I am a dreamer and when I wake You can't break my spirit, it's my dreams you take And as you move on, remember me Remember us and all we used to be  I've seen you cry, I've seen you smile I've watched you sleeping for a while I'd be the father of your child I'd spend a lifetime with you  I know your fears and you know mine We've had our doubts but now we're fine And I love you, I swear that's true I cannot live without you  Goodbye my lover Goodbye my friend You have been the one You have been the one for me  Goodbye my lover Goodbye my friend You have been the one You have been the one for me  And I still hold your hand in mine In mine when I'm asleep And I will bear my soul in time When I'm kneeling at your feet  Goodbye my lover Goodbye my friend You have been the one You have been the one for me  Goodbye my lover Goodbye my friend You have been the one You have been the one for me  I'm so hollow, baby, I'm so hollow I'm so, I'm so, I'm so hollow I'm so hollow, baby, I'm so hollow I'm so, I'm so, I'm so hollow 
All alone in the danger zone Are you ready to take my hand? All alone in the flame of doubt Are we going to lose it all?  I could never leave You and the city lights I could never beat The storm in your eyes The storm in your bright eyes  All alone in the danger zone Are you ready to take my hand? All alone in the flame of doubt Are we going to lose it all?  Love came in between The space in the city lights Only I receive The stars in your eyes The stars in your dark eyes  All alone in the danger zone Are you ready to take my hand? All alone in the flame of doubt Are we going to lose it all?  Let's put some light into our lives But keep the storm that's in your eyes Let's put some light into our lives  All alone in the danger zone Are you ready to take my hand? All alone in the flame of doubt Are we going to lose it all?  All alone in the danger zone Are you ready to take my hand? All alone in the flame of doubt Are we going to lose it all? To lose it all? To lose it all? 
I should ink my skin with your name And take my passport out again And just replace it See I could do without a tan On my left hand,  Where my fourth finger meets my knuckle And I should run you a hot bath Fill it up with bubbles  'Cause maybe you're loveable Maybe you're my snowflake And your eyes turn from green to gray And in the winter I'll hold you in a cold place And you should never cut your hair 'Cause I love the way you flick it off your shoulder  And you will never know  Just how beautiful you are to me But maybe I'm just in love  When you wake me up  And would you ever feel guilty if you did the same to me Could you make me a cup of tea To open my eyes in the right way And I know you love Shrek Because we've watched it 12 times And maybe we're hoping for a fairytale too And if your DVD breaks today You should've got a VCR Because I've never owned a blue ray, true say  I know I've always been shit at computer games Because your brother always beats me And if I lost, I go across and chuck all the controllers at the TV And then you laugh at me And be asking me If I'ma be home next week And then you lie with me till I fall asleep And flutter eye lash on my cheek between the sheets  And you will never know  Just how beautiful you are to me But maybe I'm just in love  When you wake me up  And I think you hate the smell of smoke You always try to get me to stop But you drink as much as me And I get drunk a lot So I take you to the beach And walk along the sand And I'll make you a heart pendant With a pebble held in my hand And I'll carve it like this necklace So the heart falls where your chest is Now a piece of me is a piece of the beach And it falls just where it needs to be And rests peacefully So you just need to breathe to feel my heart against yours now Against yours now Maybe I'm just in love when you wake me up Maybe I'm just in love when you wake me up Maybe I fell in love when you woke me up 
I'm an angel with a shotgun, shotgun, shotgun An angel with a shotgun, shotgun, shotgun  Get out your guns Battle's begun Are you a saint or a sinner? If love's a fight Then I shall die With my heart on a trigger  They say before you start a war You better know what you're fighting for Well baby, you are all that I adore If love is what you need, a soldier I will be  I'm an angel with a shotgun Fighting 'til the war's won I don't care if heaven won't take me back I'll throw away my faith, babe Just to keep you safe Don't you know you're everything I have? And I... Wanna live, not just survive Tonight  Sometimes to win You've got to sin Don't mean I'm not a believer And Major Tom Will sing along Yeah, they still say I'm a dreamer  They say before you start a war You better know what you're fighting for Well baby, you are all that I adore If love is what you need, a soldier I will be  I'm an angel with a shotgun Fighting 'til the war's won I don't care if heaven won't take me back I'll throw away my faith, babe Just to keep you safe Don't you know you're everything I have? And I... Wanna live, not just survive Tonight  Ohh, ohh whoa whoa, ohh... I'm an angel with a shotgun, shotgun...  I'm an angel with a shotgun Fighting 'til the war's won I don't care if heaven won't take me back  I'm an angel with a shotgun Fighting 'til the war's won I don't care if heaven won't take me back I'll throw away my faith, babe Just to keep you safe Don't you know you're everything I have? And I... (I'm an angel with a shotgun) Wanna live, not just survive (Live, not just survive) And I... I'm gonna hide, hide, hide my wings tonight  They say before you start a war You better know what you're fighting for Well baby, you are all that I adore If love is what you need, a soldier I will be 
It's been a while since the two of us talked About a week since the day that you walked Knowing things would never be the same With your empty heart and mine full of pain So explain to me, how it came to this Take it back to the night we kissed It was Dublin city on a Friday night You were vodkas and coke, I was Guinness all night  We were sitting with our backs against the world Saying things that we thought, but never heard Who would have thought it would end up like this? Where everything we talked about is gone And the only chance we have of moving on Is try to take it back Before it all went wrong  Before the worst, before we mend Before our hearts decide It's time to love again Before too late, before too long Lets try to take it back Before it all went wrong  There was a time, that we'd stay up all night Best friends talking 'til the daylight Took the joys alongside the pain With not much to lose, but so much to gain Are hearing me? 'Cause I don't wanna miss, Set you a drift on memory bliss It was Grafton Street on a rainy night I was down on one knee and you were mine for life  We were thinking we would never be apart With your name tattooed across my heart Who would have thought it would end up like this? Where everything we talked about is gone And the only chance we have of moving on Is try to take it back Before it all went wrong  Before the worst, before we mend Before our hearts decide It's time to love again Before too late, before too long Let's try to take it back Before it all went wrong  If the clouds don't clear Then well rise above it, well rise above it Heaven's gate is so near Come walk with me through Just like we used to, just like we used to  Let's take it back Before it all went wrong  Before the worst, before we mend Before our hearts decide It's time to love again Before too late, before too long Let's try to take it back Before it all went wrong  Let's try to take it back before it all went wrong 
Remember when we had it all? Remember when you took my calls? You were my whole world You were my whole world Not a thing said to me Question now if my heart bleeds You were my whole world You were my whole world  I can't stop watching my phone Can't turn it off What is wrong with me? I can't, baby But if you change your mind then I'll miss it Now I'm crying alone Hotel, never much fun Not when there's nobody to catch your tears Out here  I know Last night we made some midnight decisions Did I mess up? Oh God I hope I didn't It's all a blur when we talk through the liquor I always regret midnight decisions I always regret midnight decisions I always regret midnight decisions I always regret midnight decisions I always regret midnight decisions  Soothe me now, soothe me, old friend Warm my body, dunk my head He was my whole world He was my whole world Kill the chattering Keep the voices from screaming He was my whole world He was my whole world  I can't stop watching my phone Can't turn it off What is wrong with me? I can't, baby But if you change your mind then I'll miss it Now I'm crying alone Hotel, never much fun Not when there's nobody to catch your tears Out here  I know, last night we made some midnight decisions Did I mess up? Oh God I hope I didn't It's all a blur when we talk through the liquor I always regret midnight decisions I always regret midnight decisions I always regret midnight decisions I always regret midnight decisions I always regret midnight decisions  Pull me out, I wanna fall Fall into the rabbit hole Just pull me out, the pain is great The pain of losin' you today I'm in here bawling, just a friend Never thought we'd meet again But here you are, one more, again You're calling me You're calling me  I know, last night we made some midnight decisions Did I mess up? Oh God I hope I didn't It's all a blur when we talk through the liquor I always regret midnight decisions I always regret midnight decisions I always regret midnight decisions I always regret midnight decisions I always regret midnight decisions 
You said we're not so tied together What did you mean? Meet me in the stairwell in a second For a glass of gin  Nobody else will be there then Nobody else will be there Nobody else will be there then Nobody else will be there  Can you remind me the building you live in I'm on my way It's getting cold again but New York's gorgeous It's a subway day  Nobody else will be there then Nobody else will be there Nobody else will be there then Nobody else will be there  Why are we still out here holding our coats? We look like children Goodbyes always take us half an hour Can't we just go home?  Hey baby, where were you back there When I needed your help? I thought that if I stuck my neck out I'd get you out of your shell  My faith is sick and my skin is thin as ever I need you alone Goodbyes always take us half an hour Can't we just go home?  Nobody else will be there then Nobody else will be there Nobody else will be there then Nobody else will be there 
(Intro: PnB Rock and Fetty Wap) When you making 'em all jealous Balmain's and Margiela's Yeah, oh yeah, yeah yeah yeah-yeah PnB, 1738 nigga Balmain's and Margiela's, yeah, ay, ay, ay  (Hook: Fetty Wap) What you prove when you making 'em all jealous? I'ma smooth young nigga, Balmain's and Margiela's 'Bout a hundred thou on me, I'm hurting these suckas feelings I'm allergic to broke niggas cause all we know is get it, ay What do you prove when you making 'em all jealous? I'ma smooth young nigga, Balmain's and Margiela's 'Bout a hundred thou on me, I'm hurting these suckas feelings I'm allergic to broke niggas cause all we know is get it, yeah, ay When you making 'em all jealous, ay, ay Balmain's and Margiela's, ay, ay Said I'm hurting these suckas feelings I'm allergic to broke niggas cause all we know is get it, yeah  (Verse 1: PnB Rock) I been ballin' for a while, I get money by the pound Fuck a checkup, it's okay, I'm 'bout to cash a check right now All this money long, I done probably blew a hundred thou I spent that on clothes, chicken, bitches, backwoods, and loud, ay I did it all with my squad, I wouldn't be shit without squad Remember we was at the bottom, now we post up at the top Balmain's with the Maison Margiela's Got these niggas sick, they hating, they jealous Taking over, the only option is let us Bossed up, it ain't shit you could tell us Bout to go fuck me some x's up Used to whip coke on the regular Broke niggas, they can't stand next to us I just pulled up in the Tesla Meen just pulled up in the Rari He just came home and he ballin' All these bad bitches we scorin' Look how we came up from nothin'  (Hook: Fetty Wap) What do you prove when you making 'em all jealous? I'ma smooth young nigga, Balmain's and Margiela's 'Bout a hundred thou on me, I'm hurting these suckas feelings I'm allergic to broke niggas cause all we know is get it, ay What do you prove when you making 'em all jealous? I'ma smooth young nigga, Balmain's and Margiela's 'Bout a hundred thou on me, I'm hurting these suckas feelings I'm allergic to broke niggas cause all we know is get it, yeah, ay When you making 'em all jealous, ay, ay Balmain's and Margiela's, ay, ay Said I'm hurting these suckas feelings I'm allergic to broke niggas cause all we know is get it, yeah  (Verse 2: PnB Rock) I been ballin' for a while, I get money by the pound Got your ho all in my whip c-c-'cause she say she love my style I was broke but now I'm rich, took your bitch to Mr. Chao's Had to take her to the strip, make her off a couple pounds, ay Ballin', drivin' in them foreigns, kill 'em, bring them coffins Oh yeah, we do that often, ay I'm finessin', drippin' swag, ay I be flexin' when I dab, ay Niggas broke, niggas mad, ay Put whatever on my tab, ay It feels good to get this money, spend it with my gang It feels good when I walk by and bitches scream my name Everyday I'm smokin' loud and I be sippin' lean Everyday it's fifty thousand in my Balmain jeans  (Hook: Fetty Wap) What do you prove when you making 'em all jealous? I'ma smooth young nigga, Balmain's and Margiela's 'Bout a hundred thou on me, I'm hurting these suckas feelings I'm allergic to broke niggas cause all we know is get it, ay What do you prove when you making 'em all jealous? I'ma smooth young nigga, Balmain's and Margiela's 'Bout a hundred thou on me, I'm hurting these suckas feelings I'm allergic to broke niggas cause all we know is get it, yeah, ay When you making 'em all jealous, ay 
Your hand fits in mine Like it's made just for me But bear this in mind It was meant to be And I'm joining up the dots With the freckles on your cheeks And it all makes sense to me  I know you've never loved The crinkles by your eyes When you smile You've never loved Your stomach or your thighs The dimples in your back At the bottom of your spine But I'll love them endlessly  I won't let these little things Slip out of my mouth But if I do It's you Oh it's you They add up to I'm in love with you And all these little things  You can't go to bed Without a cup of tea And maybe that's the reason That you talk in your sleep And all those conversations Are the secrets that I keep Though it makes no sense to me  I know you've never loved the sound of your voice on tape You never want to know how much weigh You still have to squeeze into your jeans But you're perfect to me  I won't let these little things Slip out of my mouth But if it's true It's you It's you They add up to I'm in love with you And all these little things  You'll never love yourself Half as much as I love you You'll never treat yourself right darlin' But I want you to If I let you know I'm here for you Maybe you'll love yourself like I love you Oh...  I've just let these little things Slip out of my mouth 'Cause it's you Oh it's you It's you They add up to And I'm in love with you And all these little things  I won't let these little things Slip out of my mouth But if it's true It's you It's you They add up to I'm in love with you And all your little things 
The note you wrote upon the shelf I frozen there in silver doubt My heart was breaking by the shore And I couldn't give you anymore  And I'm still shaken And crawling back again And all my brothers And all my sisters are gone  I'm sorry that I've let you go I'm sorry that I've cared I'm sorry that the feeling showed And I just wasn't there  And reminded of the fool I was I cut you off and fucked it up again I'm sorry that I've let you go I'm sorry that I've cared  This pillow case smells of you And time itself stops to prove And for a moment nothing changed And everything stays the same  And I'm still shaken And crawling back again And all my brothers And all my sisters are gone  I'm sorry that I've let you go I'm sorry that I've cared I'm sorry that the feeling showed And I just wasn't there  And reminded it the fool I was I cut you off and fucked it up again I'm sorry that I've let you go I'm sorry that I've cared  I left the light on So you could see me in the dark But then it blinded us And left us who we are  I'm sorry that I've let you go I'm sorry that I've cared I'm sorry that the feeling showed And I just wasn't there  And reminded it the fool I was I cut you off and fucked it up again I'm sorry that I've let you go I'm sorry that I've cared 
To the left, to the left To the left, to the left, mmm  To the left, to the left Everything you own in the box to the left In the closet, that's my stuff, yes If I bought it, nigga, please don't touch (don't touch)  And keep talking that mess, that's fine But could you walk and talk at the same time? And it's my name that's on that Jag So remove your bags, let me call you a cab  Standin' in the front yard Telling me how I'm such a fool Talking 'bout how I'll never ever find a man like you You got me twisted  You must not know 'bout me You must not know 'bout me I could have another you in a minute Matter of fact, he'll be here in a minute, baby  You must not know 'bout me You must not know 'bout me I can have another you by tomorrow So don't you ever for a second get to thinkin' you're irreplaceable  So go ahead and get gone Call up that chick and see if she's home Oops, I bet you thought that I didn't know What did you think I was putting you out for?  Because you was untrue Rollin' her 'round in the car that I bought you Baby, drop them keys Hurry up before your taxi leaves  Standin' in the front yard Telling me how I'm such a fool Talking 'bout how I'll never ever find a man like you Got me twisted  You must not know 'bout me You must not know 'bout me I could have another you in a minute Matter of fact, he'll be here in a minute, baby  You must not know 'bout me You must not know 'bout me I can have another you by tomorrow So don't you ever for a second get to thinkin' you're irreplaceable  (Irreplaceable, irreplaceable) So since I'm not your everything How about I'll be nothing, nothing at all to you? (nothing, no nothing) Baby, I won't shed a tear for you... (I won't shed a tear...) I won't lose a wink of sleep, 'cause the truth of the matter is  Replacing you is so easy  To the left, to the left To the left, to the left, mmm To the left, to the left, everything you own in the box to the left To the left, to the left Don't you ever for a second get to thinking you're irreplaceable  You must not know 'bout me You must not know 'bout me I could have another you in a minute Matter of fact, he'll be here in a minute, baby  You must not know 'bout me You must not know 'bout me I can have another you by tomorrow So don't you ever for a second get to thinkin', baby, hey hey  You must not know 'bout me You must not know 'bout me 'Cause I could have another you in a minute Matter of fact, he'll be here in a minute, baby  You must not know 'bout me, nigga, pack all yo' bags, we finished You must not know 'bout me, 'cause you made your bed, now lay in it I can have another you by tomorrow So don't you ever for a second get to thinkin' you're irreplaceable 
Stood up the cold face Stood with our backs to the sun I can't remember being nothing but fearless and young We've become echoes But echoes fade away We fall into the dark as we dive under the way  (I heard you say) Devil's on your shoulder Strangers in your head As if you don't remember As if you can't forget It's only been a moment It's only been a lifetime But tonight you're a stranger  Some silhouette So, let's go out in flames Swear for one knows who we are 'Cause these city walls never knew That we'd make it this far We've become echoes But echoes fade away So, let's dance like two shadows  Burning out in glory days Devil's on your shoulder Strangers in your head As if you don't remember As if you can't forget It's only been a moment It's only been a lifetime But tonight you're a stranger  Some silhouette Just hold me Just hold me Just hold me  Just hold me Devil's on your shoulder Strangers in your head As if you don't remember As if you can't forget It's only been a moment It's only been a lifetime But tonight you're a stranger Some silhouette It's only been a moment It's only been a lifetime But tonight you're a stranger Some silhouette Tonight you're a stranger Some silhouette 
From the Chi to VA, Boy where ever you stay, You know I just can't wait to have, Sex In The City with u.  [Talking]Good morning ladys, its about that time again. And I did it for u  Aye! So tell me what it is, Baby what it do, Shawty I'm just tryna put that business on u Touch right there and make my move, No dinner needed, imma eat my boo A freak like her plus a freak like me Throw them legs ups, put ur hands on me Nails in my back, lemme hear you scream Face in the pillow till you cannot breath  I'll work it out all night, don't I do it so good Tryna take my girl, tryna cop my bxtch, no you wish you could Come straight from the Chi, she reppin' LA Sex in the city, baby watch it all day Shawty fxck like Samantha, Choose like Karey, Looking for a big date, tryna get married  So I met her on a Monday, Called her on a Tuesday, On Wednesday we kissed and made a high def movie We started in the shower, straight to the jacuzzi Then she put it on me, I said shawty don't stop, keep going  [Chorus] (GIRL) I wanna be ur lover Wanna be ur girl Wanna be ur everything Give you my world Sex in the city, Sex in the city, Sex in the city Sex in the city, From NY to LA or Atlanta, GA You know I just can't wait to have, Sex in the city From the Chi to Va, boy where ever you stay You know I just can't wait to have Sex in the city with u  Now tell me all ur vicky secrets, Lemme know ur vicky secrets, I wanna know, I wanna know I I wanna know, I wanna know  Eat it from the back, And give you head to the I'm tryna go deep, baby spread them cheeks In my imagination, I can see you and me Imagine ur drink, Sex on the beach  I'll work it out all night Tryna take my girl, tryna cop my bxtch, no you wish you could You know I'm coming from the Chi, Shawty reppin ' VA 2 up, 2 down, lemme hit it sideways Swag like Sharlet, Face like Karey Looking for a big date, tryna get married  So I met her on a Monday, Called her on a Tuesday, On Wednesday we kissed and made a high def movie We started in the shower, straight to the jacuzzi Then she put it on me, I said shawty don't stop, keep going, don't stop, don't stop  [Chorus] (GIRL) I wanna be ur lover Wanna be ur girl Wanna be ur everything Give you my world Sex in the city, Sex in the city, Sex in the city Sex in the city, From NY to LA or Atlanta, GA You know I just can't wait to have, Sex in the city From the Chi to Va, boy where ever you stay You know I just can't wait to have Sex in the city with u  See I met her on a Monday, Called her on a Tuesday, On Wednesday we kissed and made a high def movie We started in the shower, straight to the jacuzzi Then she put it on me, I said shawty don't stop, keep going, don't stop, don't stop  Then she put it on me, I said shawty don't stop, keep going, don't stop, don't stop Then she put it on me, I said shawty don't stop, keep going, don't stop, don't stop 
Uh huh Life's like this Uh huh, uh huh That's the way it is 'Cause life's like this Uh huh, uh huh That's the way it is  Chill out, what you yellin' for? Lay back, it's all been done before And if you could only let it be You will see I like you the way you are When we're drivin' in your car And you're talkin' to me one-on-one But you become  Somebody else 'round everyone else You're watchin' your back like you can't relax You're tryin' to be cool, you look like a fool to me  Tell me Why'd you have to go and make things so complicated? I see the way you're acting like you're somebody else  Gets me frustrated Life's like this you You fall and you crawl and you break  And you take what you get and you turn it into  Honesty, promise me I'm never gonna find you fake it No, no, no  You come over unannounced Dressed up like you're somethin' else Where you are and where it's at, you see You're making me Laugh out when you strike your pose Take off all your preppy clothes You know you're not foolin' anyone  When you become  Somebody else 'round everyone else You're watchin' your back like you can't relax You're tryin' to be cool, you look like a fool to me  Tell me Why'd you have to go and make things so complicated? I see the way you're acting like you're somebody else  Gets me frustrated Life's like this you You fall and you crawl and you break  And you take what you get and you turn it into  Honesty, promise me I'm never gonna find you fake it No, no, no...  Chill out, what you yellin' for? Lay back, it's all been done before And if you could only let it be You will see  Somebody else 'round everyone else You're watchin' your back like you can't relax You're tryin' to be cool, you look like a fool to me  Tell me Why'd you have to go and make things so complicated? I see the way you're acting like you're somebody else  Gets me frustrated Life's like this you You fall and you crawl and you break  And you take what you get and you turn it into  Honesty, promise me I'm never gonna find you fake it No, no  Why'd you have to go and make things so complicated? I see the way you're acting like you're somebody else  Gets me frustrated Life's like this you You fall and you crawl and you break  And you take what you get and you turn it into  Honesty, promise me I'm never gonna find you fake it No, no, no 
I wanna die young I wanna die young I wanna be hung  I'm a lonely one  Holding my pillow tight Keeping my thoughts inside Watching the years go by How long until I die?   Kill me quickly Kill me quickly  I wanna die young I wanna die young I wanna become one With the burning sun  Sliding right into you  Searching for absolutes Hoping for something new How long until I'm through?   Kill me quickly Kill me quickly  Kill me quickly Kill me quickly  I wanna die young I'm gonna die young 
I heard that you're settled down That you found a girl and you're married now I heard that your dreams came true Guess she gave you things I didn't give to you Old friend, why are you so shy? Ain't like you to hold back or hide from the light  I hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited   But I couldn't stay away, I couldn't fight it I had hoped you'd see my face And that you'd be reminded that for me, it isn't over  Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead  Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah  You know how the time flies Only yesterday was the time of our lives We were born and raised in a summer haze Bound by the surprise of our glory days  I hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited   But I couldn't stay away, I couldn't fight it I had hoped you'd see my face And that you'd be reminded that for me, it isn't over  Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah  Nothing compares, no worries or cares Regrets and mistakes, they're memories made Who would have known how bittersweet this would taste?  Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you  Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead   Never mind, I'll find someone like you I wish nothing but the best for you, too Don't forget me, I beg I remember you said Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead  Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead, yeah... 
Yeah, ey, ah, nothing Pull the trigger Ain't nobody gonna do it for you Pull the trigger  Maybe, you should pull the fucking trigger  Pull the trigger, ain't nobody gonna do it for you Pull the trigger, don't hesitate, just shoot  Yeah, why you believing the propaganda? Why everybody sound like they want to be from Atlanta? Are you the voice or the echo? Are you the nail or the hammer? I be talking while chewing my beats, I don't mind my manners Choruses that fit the opera, that's why I need phantoms I got my doubt at gun point, that's why I need ransoms And I be handsome, that's why I got your girl before the money Honestly, I thought I'd have 30m's before my twenties But I'm cool with how it's happening Girl in San Fran who wants to cross routes with me Like a Young Colin Kapernick Treat the money like a lateral, I'm passing it 'Cause my family's number one, never put 'em number two Trying to buy a house in cash for all the times we had to move All the times my mom cried 'cause she ain't know what else to do All the times she lost hope 'cause she ain't know what else to lose All the times I shoot shots 'cause I don't know what else to shoot, man  Pull the trigger, ain't nobody gonna do it for you Pull the trigger, don't hesitate, just shoot  I'mma stay winning, I don't believe in luck I believe that life's a buffet, better eat it up I've seen enough to know that I'm really 'bout to blow Never felt like an employee, always felt like CEO Even when I stacked shoes, I was never clocked in Yeah, I always walked out, but I never walked in That's a tribute to my head-space And lately my Devils have been Spanish chicks in red lace Doing Brujeria on me for ten days More like ten months, but I got out of it If I fall in love again, it's probably with a Saudi chick But I keep my head up high and my middle fingers higher, yo  Pull the trigger, ain't nobody gonna do it for you Pull the trigger, don't hesitate, just shoot Pull the trigger, ain't nobody gonna do it for you Pull the trigger, don't hesitate, just shoot 
The last time that I saw you, You were headed for the boarding gate, And I knew that it would be a long wait, I know I wasn't always there sweet darling, When you needed me by your side, But when I was gone and you were home all alone, Why did you have to run and hide?   Few and far between now baby, You said you would always be mine. Few and far between honey, You do it to me every time.  You knew I'd come home looking for you now sugar, But you would not even answer the phone, Why did you insist on hurting me baby, I sit here and I cry alone, You know it ain't the first time, I've been there honey, And I know it won't be the last, Rock riding mama don't you treat me so mean, Don't you count me out so fast.   Few and far between now baby, Why don't you just tell me we are through?, Few and far between honey, I'm gonna catch up to you.  The last time I saw you, You were headed for the boarding gate, And I knew that it would be a long time, For your love I'm gonna have to wait, I know I wasn't always there sweet darling, When you need me by your side, But when I was gone and you were home all alone, Why did you have to run and hide?   Few and far between now baby, You said that you would always be mine, Few and far between now honey, You do it to me every time.  Few and far between now baby, Why don't you just tell me were through, Few and far between now honey, I'm gonna catch up to you. 
Camila: I'm breakin' down, gonna start from scratch Shake it off like an etch-a-sketch My lips are saying goodbye My eyes are finally dry  Lauren: I'm not the way that I used to be I took the record off repeat It killed me but I survived And now I'm coming alive  Camila: I'll never be that girl again No oh oh I'll never be that girl again No oh oh  Lauren: My innocence is wearing thin But my heart is growing strong So call me, call me, call me  All: Miss movin' on Oh oh oh Miss movin' on Oh oh oh  Normani: Yeah!  Lauren: I broke the glass that surrounded me (Normani: Surrounded me) I ain't the way you remember me (Normani: Remember me) I was such a good girl So fragile but no more  Dinah: I jumped the fence to the other side (Normani: The other side) My whole world was electrified (Normani: Electrified) Now I'm no longer afraid It's Independence Day  Normani: It's Independence Day  Camila: I'll never be that girl again No oh oh I'll never be that girl again No oh oh  Lauren: My innocence is wearing thin But my heart is growing strong So call me, call me, call me  All: Miss movin' on  Dinah: Everything is changing and I never wanna go back To the way it was (Normani: To the way it was) I'm finding who I am and who I am from here and now Is gonna be enough (Normani: Is gonna be enough) Is gonna be enough  Normani: I'll never be that girl again No oh oh  Ally: I'll never be that girl again Oh oh oh  Lauren: My innocence is wearing thin But my heart is growing strong So call me, call me, call me  All: Miss movin' on (Dinah: No!) Oh oh oh Miss movin' on (Ally: On and on and on and on and on!) Oh oh oh Miss movin' on (Camila: On and on and on and on! On and on and on!) Oh oh oh Miss movin' on (Normani: Hey yeah yeah!) Oh oh oh  Lauren: Yeah, I'm movin' on 
You walked into the room And now my heart has been stolen You took me back in time to when I was unbroken Now you're all I want And I knew it from the very first moment Cause a light came on when I heard that song And I want you to sing it again  I swear that every word you sing You wrote them for me Like it was a private show But I know you never saw me When the lights come on and I'm on my own Will you be there to sing it again Could I be the one you talk about in all your stories Can I be him  I heard there was somone but I know he don't deserve you If you were mine I'd never let anyone hurt you I wanna dry those tears, kiss those lips It's all that I've been thinking about Cause a light came on when I heard that song And I want you to sing it again  I swear that every word you sing You wrote them for me Like it was a private show But I know you never saw me When the lights come on and I'm on my own Will you be there to sing it again Could I be the one you talk about in all your stories  Can I be the one Can I be the one Can I be the one Oh, can I, can I be him  Want you sing it again Oh, when you sing it again Can I be him Want you sing it again Oh, when you sing it again Can I be him  I swear that every word you sing You wrote them for me Like it was a private show But I know you never saw me When the lights come on and I'm on my own Will you be there, will you be there Can I be the one you talk about in all your stories Can I be him Can I be him Can I be him Can I be him 
Baby, don't understand Why we can't just hold on to each others' hands This time might be the last, I fear Unless I make it all too clear I need you so, ohh  Take these broken wings And learn to fly again Learn to live so free When we hear the voices sing The book of love will open up and let us in Take these broken wings  Baby, I think tonight We can take what was wrong and make it right, mmm Baby, it's all I know That you're half of the flesh And blood that makes me whole I need you so  So take these broken wings And learn to fly again Learn to live so free And when we hear the voices sing The book of love will open up and let us in  Take these broken wings You've got to learn to fly Learn to live and love so free And when we hear the voices sing The book of love will open up and let us in, yeah, yeah  Let us in Let us in  Baby, it's all I know That you're half of the flesh And blood that makes me whole Yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah  So take these broken wings And learn to fly again Learn to live so free And when we hear the voices sing The book of love will open up and let us in  Take these broken wings You've got to learn to fly Learn to live and love so free And when we hear the voices sing The book of love will open up for us and let us in, yeah yeah Yeah yeah Ooh 
Ever wonder 'bout what he's doin' How it all turned to lies Sometimes I think, that it's better To never ask why  Where there is desire There is gonna be a flame Where there is a flame Someone's bound to get burned  But just because it burns Doesn't mean you're gonna die You gotta get up and try try try Gotta get up and try try try Gotta get up and try try try  Funny how the heart can be deceiving More than just a couple times Why do we fall in love so easy Even when it's not right  Where there is desire There is gonna be a flame Where there is a flame Someone's bound to get burned  But just because it burns Doesn't mean you're gonna die You gotta get up and try try try Gotta get up and try try try You gotta get up and try try try  Ever worried that it might be ruined And does it make you wanna cry When you're out there Doin' what you're doin' Are you just getting by Tell me, are you just getting by by by  Where there is desire There is gonna be a flame Where there is a flame Someone's bound to get burned  But just because it burns Doesn't mean you're gonna die You gotta get up and try try try Gotta get up and try try try You gotta get up and try try try  Gotta get up and try try try You gotta get up and try try try You gotta get up and try try try Gotta get up and try try try You gotta get up and try try try Gotta get up and try try try 
Your man on the road, he doing promo You said keep our business on the low-low I'm just tryna get you out the friend-zone 'Cause you look even better than the photos  I can't find your house, send me the info Driving through the gated residential Found out I was coming, sent your friends home Keep on tryna hide it but your friends know  I only call you when it's half past five The only time that I'll be by your side I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, yeah  I only call you when it's half past five The only time I'd ever call you mine I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, babe  I'mma let you know and keep it simple Tryna keep it up don't seem so simple I just fucked two bitches 'fore I saw you And you gon' have to do it at my tempo  Always tryna send me off to rehab Drugs start to feelin' like it's decaf I'm just tryna live life for the moment And all these motherfuckers want a relapse  I only call you when it's half past five The only time that I'll be by your side I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, yeah  I only call you when it's half past five The only time I'd ever call you mine I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, babe  Hills have eyes, the hills have eyes Who are you to judge, who are you to judge? Hide your lies, girl hide your lies Only you to trust, only you  I only call you when it's half past five The only time that I'll be by your side I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, yeah  I only call you when it's half past five The only time I'd ever call you mine I only love it when you touch me, not feel me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me When I'm fucked up, that's the real me, babe  Yenefikir, ewedeshalo Yenefikir, fikir, fikir Yenefikir, fikir, fikir, fikir  Ewedeshalo, ewedeshalo Yenefikir, fikir, fikir Yenefikir, fikir, fikir, fikir 
Tell me Tell me that you want me And I'll be your completely For better or for worse  I know We'll have our disagreements Be fighting for no reason I wouldn't change it for the world  'Cause I know The first day that I met you I was never gonna let you Let you slip away  And I Still remember feeling nervous Trying to find the words to Get you here today  'Cause you make my heart feel like it's summer When the rain is pouring down You make my whole world feel so right when it's wrong That's why I know you are the one That's how I know you are the one  In life It's easy to get scared oh But with you I am prepared for What has yet to come  'Cause our two Hearts will make it easy Joining up the pieces Together making life  'Cause you make my heart feel like it's summer When the rain is pouring down You make my whole world feel so right when it's wrong That's why I know you are the one That's how I know you are the one  When we are together you make me feel like my mind is free and my dreams are reachable Whoa You know I never ever believed in love, I believed one day you were gonna come along  Free me  'Cause you make my heart feel like it's summer When the rain is pouring down You make my whole world feel so right when it's wrong  That's why I know you are the one [x4] 
Santana: If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song Oh oh, oh oh  Lord make me a rainbow I'll shine down on my mother She'll know I'm safe with you When she stands under my colors Oh well, life ain't always What you'd think it oughta be, no Ain't even grey but she buries her baby The sharp knife of a short life Well, I've had just enough time  If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song The sharp knife of a short life Well, I've had just enough time  And I'll be wearing white When I come into your kingdom I'm as green as the ring On my little cold finger I've never known the lovin' of a man But it sure felt nice When he was holding my hand There's a boy here in town Says he'll love me forever Who would have thought Forever could be severed by  Santana with New Directions: The sharp knife of a short life  Santana (with New Directions): Well, I've had just enough (Time) Ooh yeah, ooh woah  So put on your best boys And I'll wear my pearls What I never did is done A penny for my thoughts Oh no, I'll sell them for a dollar They're worth so much more After I'm a goner And maybe then you'll hear The words I've been singing Funny when you're dead How people start listening  Oh, if I die young  Santana with New Directions: Bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song  Santana (New Directions): Oh oh (Oh oh) The ballad of a dove (Oh oh) Go with peace and love  Santana with New Directions: Gather up your tears  Santana: Keep 'em in your pocket Save 'em for a time When you're really gonna need 'em, oh  Santana with New Directions: The sharp knife of a short life  Santana (with New Directions): Well I've had just enough (Time) So put on your best boys And I'll wear my pearls 
By plane or train or automobile Beg or borrow or buy or steal Go through the roof or underground Scream or maybe not make a sound For peace of mind I'd buy or sell Compare the air in heaven to the heat in hell To leave you standing in my dust I'd get all crooked and then adjust  But I gotta get away baby I gotta get away from here I gotta get away baby Find a hole and disappear Get away from the pick up trucks The white trash cursed with luck With Daddy's money run amok Oh I gotta get away  I was born with my mouth closed And feeling slightly indisposed But alright as long as you Ignored me when you were supposed to High school college and local bars Bloodshot eyes and the guitar Novels written in my head And a liver less alive than dead  But I gotta get away baby I gotta get away from here I gotta get away baby Find a hole and disappear Get away from the pick up trucks The white trash all blessed with luck With Daddy's money run amok Oh I gotta get away  All I want is 4 good walls Each 1000 feet tall Maybe a moat and some dogs A machine that can generate smog Anything to keep at bay Those who want to ruin my day Imagine being left alone? Oh the sins we could atone  If you see me you can say hello And then raise your hands and walk away slow Sudden movements are misconstrued And chirping sounds make me brood Gretta Garbo she got it right Piss off and turn off the light All I want is an easy chair And the gift of remaining unaware  I gotta get away baby I gotta get away from here I gotta get away baby Find a hole and disappear Get away from the pick up trucks The white trash all blessed with luck With Daddy's money run amok 
I wear your winter coat, the one you love to wear So I keep feeling close to what's beyond compared The moments we can all have, you catch me in your eyes That beauty on my pillow that holds me in the night  And now I find my strength to untape my mouth When I used to be afraid of the words But with you, I've learned just to let it out Now my heart is ready to burst  'Cause I, I feel like I'm ready for love And I wanna be your everything and more And I know every day you say it But I just want you to be sure that I am yours  And if I've been feeling heavy, you take me from the dark Your arms, they keep me steady so nothing could fall apart  And I will find my strength to untape my mouth When I used to be afraid of the words But with you, I've learned just to let it out Now my heart is ready to burst  'Cause I, I feel like I'm ready for love And I wanna be your everything and more And I know every day you say it But I just want you to be sure that I am yours  That I am yours 
I hate you, I love you I hate that I want you Don't want to, but I can't put Nobody else above you I hate you, I love you I hate that I want you You want her, you need her And I'll never be her  Feeling used, but I'm still missing you And I can't see the end of this Just wanna feel your kiss against my lips And now all this time is passing by But I still can't seem to tell you why It hurts me every time I see you Realize how much I need you  I hate you, I love you I hate that I want you Don't want to, but I can't put Nobody else above you I hate you, I love you I hate that I want you You want her, you need her And I'll never be her  What about all the times You would pick me up and we'd just drive Around until we found a place to stay and waste the day away We'd do nothing but it was okay with me You say it's not good to spend all my time Thinking about you so late at night But I can't stop once I start it's like an avalanche Thoughts coming and I just wanna hold your hand Hold your breath, I'm going under Not coming up 'til this night is over 'Til this night is over  I hate you, I love you I hate that I want you Don't want to, but I can't put Nobody else above you I hate you, I love you I hate that I want you You want her, you need her And I'll never be her  All alone, I watch you watch her Like she's the only girl you've ever seen You don't care, you never did You don't give a damn about me Yeah, all alone, I watch you watch her She is the only thing you've ever seen How is it you never notice That you are slowly killing me  I hate you, I love you I hate that I want you Don't want to, but I can't put Nobody else above you I hate you, I love you I hate that I want you You want her, you need her And I'll never be her 
I live my day as if it was the last Live my day as if there was no past Doin' it all night, all summer Doin' it the way I wanna Yeah I'mma dance my heart out 'til the dawn But I won't be done when morning comes Doin' it all night, all summer Gonna spend it like no other  It was a crush But I couldn't, couldn't get enough It was a rush But I gave it up It was a crush Now I might have went and said too much But that's all it was So I gave it up  I live my day as if it was the last Live my day as if there was no past Doin' it all night, all summer Doin' it the way I wanna Yeah I'mma dance my heart out 'til the dawn But I won't be done when morning comes Doin' it all night, all summer Gonna spend it like no other  It was a crush I kept saying I'mma stay in touch But that thing went bust So I gave it up No tricks, no bluff I'm just better off without them cuffs Yeah the sun won't set on us  Went low, went high Still waters run dry Gotta get back in the groove I ain't ever worry Went low, went high What matters is now Getting right back in the mood  I live my day as if it was the last Live my day as if there was no past Doin' it all night, all summer Doin' it the way I wanna Yeah I'mma dance my heart out 'til the dawn But I won't be done when morning comes Doin' it all night, all summer Gonna spend it like no other  Now I've found another crush The lush life's given me a rush Had one chance to make me blush Second time is one too late Now I've found another crush The lush life's given me a rush Had one chance to make me blush Second time is one too late  I live my day as if it was the last Live my day as if there was no past Doin' it all night, all summer Doin' it the way I wanna Yeah I'mma dance my heart out 'til the dawn But I won't be done when morning comes Doin' it all night, all summer Gonna spend it like no other  Now I've found another crush The lush life's given me a rush Had one chance to make me blush Second time is one too late Now I've found another crush The lush life's given me a rush Had one chance to make me blush Second time is one too late 
How could I have known You were the one for me? How could I have known That you were the air I breathe If I don't believe in love?  How was I to know That I couldn't live without Your arms around me? If you'd only come back now I'd not let you down again  And how could you allow Allow me to love you so How cruel a thing If you'd only hold me close I'd not let you go again  Guess I could have been A better man I should've held onto your coat But how could I've known?  And now looking back Should've been on my knees But I can be cold Should've said "Stay with me" And "Please don't leave me alone"  And those other girls They never made me feel The way I do now I know that our love was real But I broke the deal And now  I'm out in the cold Baby, come hold me close Please don't let me drown You're the one that I love the most My holy ghost, goddamn  Guess I could have tried A little harder But I seek comfort in being alone And how could I have known? 
Yeah  Who am I? Someone that's afraid to let go, uh You decide if you're ever gonna let me know (yeah) Suicide if you ever try to let go, uh I'm sad, I know, yeah, I'm sad, I know, yeah  Who am I? Someone that's afraid to let go, uh You decide if you're ever gonna let me know (yeah) Suicide if you ever try to let go, uh I'm sad, I know, yeah, I'm sad, I know, yeah  I gave her everything She took my heart and left me lonely I've been broken, heart's contentious I won't fix, I'd rather weep  I'm lost then I'm found But it's torture being in love I love when you're around But I fuckin' hate when you leave  Who am I? Someone that's afraid to let go, uh You decide if you're ever gonna let me know (yeah) Suicide if you ever try to let go, uh I'm sad, I know, yeah, I'm sad, I know, yeah  Who am I? Someone that's afraid to let go, uh You decide if you're ever gonna let me know (yeah) Suicide if you ever try to let go, uh I'm sad, I know, yeah, I'm sad, I know, yeah  Who am I? Someone that's afraid to let go, uh You decide if you're ever gonna let me know (yeah) Suicide if you ever try to let go, uh I'm sad, I know, yeah, I'm sad, I know, yeah Who am I? Someone that's afraid to let go, uh You decide if you're ever gonna let me know (yeah) Suicide if you ever try to let go, uh I'm sad, I know, yeah, I'm sad, I know, yeah 
Another day another life Passes by just like mine It's not complicated  Another mind Another soul Another body to grow old It's not complicated  Do you ever wonder if the stars shine out for you? Float down Like autumn leaves Hush now Close your eyes before the sleep And your miles away And yesterday you were here with me  Another tear Another cry Another place for us to die It's not complicated  Another life that's gone to waste Another light lost from your face It's complicated  Is it only wonder or do birds still sing for you? Float down Like autumn leaves Hush now Close your eyes before the sleep And your miles away And yesterday you were here with me  Ooh how I miss you My symphony places the song that carries you out Ooh how I miss you I miss you and I wish you'd stay  Is it any wonder that the stars shine out for you? Float down Like autumn leaves Hush now Close your eyes before the sleep And your miles away And yesterday you were here with me  Float down Like autumn leaves Hush now Close your eyes before the sleep And your miles away And yesterday you were here with me  Ooh oh, ooh oh Ooh oh, ooh oh  Touch down Like a seven four seven Stay out and we'll live forever now 
I found God On the corner of First and Amistad Where the west Was all but won All alone Smoking his last cigarette I said, "Where you been?" He said, "Ask anything"  Where were you When everything was falling apart? All my days Were spent by the telephone That never rang And all I needed was a call That never came From the corner of First and Amistad  Lost and insecure You found me, you found me Lying on the floor Surrounded, surrounded Why'd you have to wait? Where were you, where were you? Just a little late You found me, you found me  But in the end Everyone ends up alone Losing her The only one who's ever known Who I am Who I'm not, and who I wanna be No way to know How long she will be next to me  Lost and insecure You found me, you found me Lying on the floor Surrounded, surrounded Why'd you have to wait? Where were you, where were you? Just a little late You found me, you found me  The early morning The city breaks And I've been calling For years and years and years and years And you never left me no messages You never sent me no letters You got some kind of nerve Taking all I want  Lost and insecure You found me, you found me Lying on the floor Where were you, where were you?  Lost and insecure You found me, you found me Lying on the floor Surrounded, surrounded Why'd you have to wait? Where were you, where were you? Just a little late You found me, you found me  Why'd you have to wait To find me, to find me? 
If you must wait Wait for them here in my arms as I shake If you must weep Do it right here in my bed as I sleep  If you must mourn, my love Mourn with the moon and the stars up above And if you must mourn Don't do it long  If you must leave Leave as though fire burns under your feet And if you must speak Speak every word as though it were unique  If you must die, sweetheart Die knowing your life was my life's best part And if you must die Remember your life  You are You are Oh, you are You are Oh  If you must fight Fight with yourself and your thoughts in the night And if you must work Work to leave some part of you on this earth  And if you must live, darling one Just live Just live Just live 
My mind runs away to you With the thought I hope you'll see Can't see where it's wandered too But I know where it wants to be  I'm waiting patiently though time is moving slow I have one vacancy and I wanted you to know that  You're the one designed for me A distant stranger that I will complete I know you're out there we're meant to be So keep your hair down and make it to me And make it to me  So sick of this lonely air It seems such a waste of breath So much that I need to say So much to get off my chest  I'm waiting patiently though time is moving slow I have one vacancy and I wanted you to know that  You're the one designed for me A distant stranger that I will complete I know you're out there we're meant to be So keep your hair down and make it to me Make it to me Make it to me Make it to me 
Jesy: I am the diamond you left in the dust I am the future you lost in the past Seems like I never compared Wouldn't notice if I disappeared You stole the love that I saved for myself And I watched you give it to somebody else But these scars no longer I hide I've found the light you shut inside Couldn't love me if you tried  Am I still not good enough? Am I still not worth that much? I'm sorry for the way my life turned out Sorry for the smile I'm wearing now Guess I'm still not good enough  Leigh-Anne: Does it burn, knowing I used all the pain? Does it hurt, knowing you're fuel to my flame? Don't look back, don't need your regrets Thank God you left my love behind Couldn't change me if you tried  Jade: Am I still not good enough? Am I still not worth that much? I'm sorry for the way my life turned out Sorry for the smile I'm wearing now Guess I'm still not good enough  Perrie: Release your curse 'cause I know my worth Those wounds you made are gone You ain't seen nothing yet Your love wore thin and I'd never win You want the best, so sorry that's clearly not me Oh, this is all I can be  Jesy with All: Am I still not good enough? Am I still not worth that much? I'm sorry for the way my life turned out Sorry for the smile I'm wearing now Guess I'm still not good enough 
Justin Timberlake You were my sun You were my earth But you didn't know all the ways I loved you, no So you took a chance And made other plans But I bet you didn't think that they would come crashing down, no  You don't have to say, what you did I already know, I heard it from him Now there's just no chance, for you and me, There'll never be And don't it make you sad about it?  You told me you loved me Why did you leave me, all alone? Now you tell me you need me When you call me on the phone Girl I refuse, you must have me confused With some other guy Your bridges were burned, and now it's your turn To cry, Cry me a river Cry me a river, girl Cry me a river Cry me a river, girl yea yea  I know that they say that some things are better left unsaid It wasn't like you only talked to him and you know it (Don't act like you don't know it) And all of these things people told me Keep messing with my head (Messing with my head) You should've picked honesty Then you may not have blown it (Yea..)  You don't have to say, what you did (Don't have to say, what you did) I already know, I heard it from him (I already know, uh) Now there's just no chance, for you and me, There'll never be (No chance, you and me) And don't it make you sad about it  You told me you loved me Why did you leave me, all alone (All alone) Now you tell me you need me When you call me, on the phone (When you call me on the phone) Girl I refuse, you must have me confused With some other guy (I'm not like them baby) Your bridges were burned, and now it's your turn (It's your turn) To cry So cry me a river (Go on and just) Cry me a river-er (Go on and just) Cry me a river (Baby, go on and just) Cry me a river-er, yea yea  Timbaland Oh (Oh) The damage is done So I guess I be leaving Oh (Oh) The damage is done So I guess I be leaving Oh (Oh) The damage is done So I guess I be leaving Oh (Oh) The damage is done So I guess I be l-l-l-l-leaving  Justin Timberlake You don't have to say, what you did, (Don't have to say, what you did) I already know, I heard it from him (I already know, uh) Now there's just no chance, for you and me, There'll never be (No chance, you and me) And don't it make you sad about it?  Cry me a river (Go on and just) Cry me a river-er (Baby, go on and just) Cry me a river (You can go on and just) Cry me a river-er, yea yea  Cry me a river (Baby, go on and just) Cry me a river-er (Go on and just) Cry me a river ('Cause I've already cried) Cry me a river-er, yea yea (Ain't gonna cry no more, yea-yea)  Cry me a river Cry me a river, oh Cry me a river, oh Cry me a river, oh  Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me)  Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) Cry me a river, oh (Cry me, cry me) Cry me a river (Cry me, cry me) 
Oh, I'm sorry I broke it Never forgive me Your love is the hopeless Light that I need To remind me I'm living And that I still need it You pulled me together With blood and soft stitches  You're proof that I'm breathing And that I still need To be loved and to hear you Whisper to me  You're enough You're enough You're enough Ah, ah  Well I'm a self-centered writer Loving myself to sin Stay away from me Don't find a way to get in I care only for art and career So scared of death That I try to leave part of me here  I am lonely Lonely in the fact that I need to be loved And told I am deserving We let us be, just to be Isn't that all we should need We need We should need  But the truth is I need you To tell me I'm worthy Of all this great living That I've been doing And I'm sick of the silence Greets me when I go to bed And the waking in a cold sweat  After all I'm an artist And I've still got songs in me yet And I'm frightened Frightened to death you'll forget Don't forget Don't forget me  I guess that's the most Honest thing I've written yet So here goes Forgive me I'll sing it again Don't forget Don't forget me  Don't forget me Don't forget me Don't forget me Don't forget me  Don't forget me Don't forget me Don't forget me Don't forget me  Don't forget me Don't forget me Don't forget me Don't forget me  Don't forget me Don't forget me Don't forget me Don't forget me Don't forget me Don't forget me Don't forget Don't forget  Don't forget Don't forget  I still have art in me yet 
If you could harness my hatred - Of this fucked up vile world You could power the whole planet - Then hopefully it might burn  The truth sometimes hurts - So let me tell you some lies Everything¹s gonna be alright - Ha! Ha! Ha! Yeah, fuckin¹ right  This is the News - This is your future This is the News - You have no future You have no future - You have no future  I¹m seeing all the lies of our leaders - Every war that they feed us A flat square-eyed horizon For T.V. survival, be dead on arrival The scenes of mass bigotry - Mixed up with insanity  Force fed - your future through cable Brain dead - the pictures unstable Sedated - CNN creative The tumour grows - On the worldwide cancer show  This is the NEWS - This is your future This is the NEWS - This is the future  A sick pay per view execution - Of divine retribution Social evolution The crumbling foundations - Hypocrisy nation Gallows conspiracy - This is our democracy  Beirut - or Beverly Hills Dispute - so another man kills See violent moodswings stir - Yet another schoolground massacre 
Am I out of my head? Am I out of my mind? If you only knew the bad things I like Don't think that I can explain it What can I say, it's complicated Don't matter what you say Don't matter what you do I only wanna do bad things to you So good, that you can't explain it What can I say, it's complicated  Nothing's that bad If it feels good So you come back Like I knew you would And we're both wild And the night's young And you're my drug Breathe you in 'til my face numb Drop it down to that bass drum I got what you dream about Nails scratchin' my back tatt Eyes closed while you scream out And you keep me in with those hips While my teeth sink in those lips While your body's giving me life And you suffocate in my kiss Then you said  I want you forever Even when we're not together Scars on my body so I can take you wherever I want you forever Even when we're not together Scars on my body I can look at you whenever  Am I out of my head? Am I out of my mind? If you only knew the bad things I like Don't think that I can explain it What can I say, it's complicated Don't matter what you say Don't matter what you do I only wanna do bad things to you So good, that you can't explain it What can I say, it's complicated  I can't explain it I love the pain And I love the way your breath Numbs me of Novocaine And we are Always high Keep it strange Okay, yeah, I'm insane But you the same Let me paint the picture Couch by the kitchen Nothin' but your heels on Losin' our religion You're my pretty little vixen And I'm the voice inside your head That keeps telling you to listen to all the bad things I say And you said  I want you forever Even when we're not together Scars on my body so I can take you wherever I want you forever Even when we're not together Scars on my body I can look at you whenever  Am I out of my head? Am I out of my mind? If you only knew the bad things I like Don't think that I can explain it What can I say, it's complicated Don't matter what you say Don't matter what you do I only wanna do bad things to you So good, that you can't explain it What can I say, it's complicated  The way we love, is so unique And when we touch, I'm shivering And no one has to get it Just you and me 'Cause we're just living Between the sheets  I want you forever Even when we're not together Scars on my body so I can take you wherever I want you forever Even when we're not together Scars on my body I can look at you whenever  Am I out of my head? Am I out of my mind? If you only knew the bad things I like Don't think that I can explain it What can I say, it's complicated Don't matter what you say Don't matter what you do I only wanna do bad things to you So good, that you can't explain it What can I say, it's complicated 
Hello there The angel from my nightmare The shadow in the background of the morgue The unsuspecting victim Of darkness in the valley We can live like Jack and Sally if we want  Where you can always find me And we'll have Halloween on Christmas And in the night we'll wish this never ends We'll wish this never ends  (I miss you, miss you) (I miss you, miss you)  Where are you? And I'm so sorry I cannot sleep, I cannot dream tonight I need somebody and always This sick, strange darkness Comes creeping on so haunting every time  And as I stared I counted The webs from all the spiders Catching things and eating their insides Like indecision to call you And hear your voice of treason Will you come home and stop this pain tonight? Stop this pain tonight  Don't waste your time on me You're already the voice inside my head (I miss you, miss you) Don't waste your time on me You're already the voice inside my head (I miss you, miss you)  Don't waste your time on me You're already the voice inside my head (I miss you, miss you) Don't waste your time on me  You're already the voice inside my head (I miss you, miss you)  Don't waste your time on me You're already the voice inside my head  (I miss you, miss you) Don't waste your time on me You're already the voice inside my head (I miss you, miss you)  (I miss you, miss you) (I miss you, miss you) (I miss you, miss you) (I miss you, miss you) 
(Lil Jon) Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Check this out (What's Up?) It's your Motherfucka Boy Lil Jon (That's Right) BME Click (yeah!) represent right (yeah! Yeah) Now IIIIII just got to get some shit out my chess (let it out) It's a lot Fuck Nigga been talking shit 'bout me,(fuck) Fuck but you know what? Pussy Nigga I Don't give a fuck I'm a Real Nigga, Real Nigga Handle His Motherfucka bizness like my nigga about to do right now  Verse 1: (Bezel) Whateva Bezel give ya goin' be fi yi yi Drop some acid in ya drink make ya see ta da I don't care if my girl just a leg n' a thigh She better spread her thighs let me hear her ayi yi yi They say if you wait a little while good things'll come Drink come get yours but you blink and it's gone Patient dude I really can't wait that long Been layin fools down way before that 8ball song I Like that benze go ahead and run that man Boy you'ze a ho I think you jwanna man It's not your boy from D12 It's ATL One of the sickest dudes out they like ain't he well Adamville ain't changed It's still the same They thought knockin' ??? would stop the cane Boss the plane they livin' on fantasy island Double move if a quake made Atlanta Island  Verse 2: (Don P) This ya boy Don P AKA get away from me I don't play I just ride How they gon' see nigga I don't hide Never had a watch so I never had the time Always had money but I stayed on the grind Girls give me head so I gotta million miles World's most wanted I done did a million crimes Gotta be (established?) that I'm twice platinum Gimme some space nigga back back some Ain't really smart but ain't that dumb ????? Nigga you can keep it crunk I don't drop hits nigga I drop bombs Forget bein' a star nigga I'm a fuckin' sun Nigga lookin' at me talkin' 'bout it's all good Kings of crunk nigga comin' through yo hood Bitch  Verse 3: (Black Boi) See I ain't come to play I came to spit bars inside cars To let you niggas know where I stay 285 way don't miss the byway On my high way Eastside we on that remi and that purple 'round my way Okay boy now let me spit it's Black Boi On this here and boy I'm real wit this shit I rip drawers off take yo balls off 'Cause you knew before you came in my room girl you was so sawed off Was I wrote off? Oh No I was strapped at it bitch Before you close the door now dats fa sho We on that dro when you get up out my car bitch don't slam my door Motherfucka  Verse 3: (Dirty Mouth) ATL is my home And know my hip keep that chrome For the ones who talkin' shit They better leave me alone I ain't playin' no games I'm just out for this fame Gettin' this money is how I see ya gettin' blow from the jane Keep your distance I'm 'bout to start movin' this chain This hollow tip gon' be rainin' on the top of ya brain Hot like lava I'm loadin up this chrome problem solva So watch ya back 'cause here I come dropin' bodies like bombers This smith 'n' wessen is gonna teach you haters a lesson All you niggas keep on stressin how we smoke up the essence This herbal session just keep a nigga full of confession So while I'm diggin' in your purse I keep that heat for protection Now gimme your loot This motherfucka gon' make me pimp shoot This motherfucka think I'm plannin' think I'm roody like poo You think I'm gravy I told you boys don't play me for lame This motherfucka that wanted to listen I took his ass out the game bitch  Verse 4: (LA) T-R-Y M-E pussy nigga Lil LA off in this bitch Ready to bust yo fuckin' shit Bitch rich nigga if you wanna talk that bullshit Gon' hate I ain't stun ya runnin' up I'll get ya split From the bottom to the top Top to bottom you will go Naw ho I ain't the nigga to be fuckin' wit fo Sic 'em git 'em split 'em hit 'em Tear that nigga ass up I kill for fun mayne and I ain't jokin mayne What's up back up fuck nigga Who you takin' to Yeah scary ass nigga we comin' for you If you wanna talk shit better be prepared To live and die in the motherfuckin' ATL yeah  Verse 5: (Yo Gotti) Ain't nothin' like a good ass whoopin' to set it off Come how you want it bitch and ya pussy ass off Them little niggas ain't gon' fight So I'ma shoot first Big nigga wanna tustle so put them hands to work Decatur want it Decatur ready Decatur dead in the end Ho click mo bitch than a? Chyna and fate wishin yo bitch ass dead Crunker then a dog in the south west gate I got h*** shakin they ass I got it made Real bed bust head with a work and the mail What's that smell ya dead ass in a hotel No evidence 'cause the gun in the chair Cramp in my leg from sittin' in the car and waitin Lil Jon and the esb finna put they hands on ya Got claim on yo life the hitman I be You want the job done just holla at me, yeah  Verse 6: (Bo Hagon) I can't feel the ground the beneath me One of these hoes is down to freak me Haters they shoot rounds to leak me Have my family sittin' 'round to weep me Life as a hustla an everyday struggler tryin' to double up And I ain't a fuckin' juggler if you ever try to trouble us Better knuckle up The streets they know what it is They know what the fake they know what the real They go for the kill do what you feel hop in the 'lac flash ya grill Show your gold throw your bows Stay on ya toes and don't trust these hoes Play ya part and do ya thang Always put money before the fame  Verse 7: (Lil Bo) Y'all niggas don't wanna see me Runnin' 'round here hatin' on me Wanna know what I do wit my cheese '84 Silerado Chevy Now I can buy that nine eleven And I can get that Escalade Bout to hit the corner pop the trunk and let that thang spray Reppin that GA decatur's where I stay Nothin' but real niggas and bitches out here 'round my way Lil Bo I be that nigga quick to pull a trigger An' put some lead in the head of a fuck nigga  Verse 8: (Big Sam) Woke up this mornin nigga With a pump and my hand on the trigger Had a dream last night I was bein' hated on by a bunch of these fuck niggas These niggas done made me slip now into my alias now Coup de gras SWAT officers and all these haters and these niggas right now Frankly I'm hot and pissed This shit is ludacris Same niggas you grew up wit nigga Same niggas get they wig split So keep flexin' and talkin' and get your ass whipped Motherfucka you must not know who you fuckin' wit I'm DJ 64 that nigga XL Big Sam sayin' this shit to let you know what's real You bitch bitch ho ho Ass ass nigga nigga  We Ain't Playing Money Slingin Justifying Gangsta ridin' More Rich them shit I'm just singin' ATL ain't fucking playing 
Heart beats fast, colors and promises How to be brave, how can I love when I'm afraid to fall But watching you stand alone, all of my doubt suddenly goes away Somehow, one step closer  I have died everyday waiting for you Darling, don't be afraid, I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more  Time stands still, beauty in all she is I will be brave, I will not let anything take away Standing in front of me, every breath Every hour has come to this, one step closer  I have died everyday waiting for you Darling, don't be afraid, I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more  And all along I believed I would find you Time has brought your heart to me I have loved you for a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more, one step closer, one step closer  I have died everyday waiting for you Darling, don't be afraid, I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more  And all along I believed I would find you Time has brought your heart to me I have loved you for a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more 
Loving can hurt, loving can hurt sometimes But it's the only thing that I know When it gets hard, you know it can get hard sometimes It is the only thing that makes us feel alive  We keep this love in a photograph We made these memories for ourselves Where our eyes are never closing Hearts are never broken Time's forever frozen still  So you can keep me Inside the pocket of your ripped jeans Holding me close until our eyes meet You won't ever be alone, wait for me to come home  Loving can heal, loving can mend your soul And it's the only thing that I know, know I swear it will get easier, remember that with every piece of you, mmm And it's the only thing we take with us when we die  Mmm, we keep this love in a photograph We made these memories for ourselves Where our eyes are never closing Hearts were never broken Time's forever frozen still  So you can keep me Inside the pocket of your ripped jeans Holding me close until our eyes meet You won't ever be alone And if you hurt me That's okay baby, only words bleed Inside these pages you just hold me And I won't ever let you go Wait for me to come home Wait for me to come home Wait for me to come home Wait for me to come home  Oh you can fit me Inside the necklace you got when you were sixteen Next to your heartbeat where I should be Keep it deep within your soul And if you hurt me Well that's okay baby, only words bleed Inside these pages you just hold me And I won't ever let you go  I will remember how you kissed me Under the lamppost back on Sixth Street Hearing you whisper through the phone Wait for me to come home 
I should've let you know, that you're my only one I know you're feeling numb, I'll fuck you till you cum Said, "I don't understand, how you don't got a man" You want me in your bed, 'cause I've been in your head  You've been up all night, so you don't wanna wait on me I'm bouta' catch my flight, so you don't gotta wait on me No more, you don't wanna, you don't wanna You don't wanna, you don't wanna, you don't wanna You don't wanna, you don't wanna I've been up a very long time, wonder why they hate on me I don't wanna love myself, I'm praying that they all love me 'Cause you don't wanna, you don't wanna You don't wanna, you don't wanna, you don't wanna You don't wanna, you don't wanna  I should've let you know, that you're my only one I know you're feeling numb, I'll fuck you till you cum Said, "I don't understand, how you don't got a man." You want me in your bed, 'cause I've been in your head  No, no, no No, no, no No, no, no No, no, no No, no, no No, no, no 
Well you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go  Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missing home Only know you love her when you let her go  And you let her go  Staring at the bottom of your glass Hoping one day, you'll make a dream last But dreams come slow and they go so fast  You see her when you close your eyes Maybe one day you'll understand why Everything you touch surely dies  But you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go  Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missing home Only know you love her when you let her go  Staring at the ceiling in the dark Same old empty feeling in your heart 'Cause love comes slow and it goes so fast  Well you see her when you fall asleep But never to touch and never to keep 'Cause you loved her too much and you dived too deep  Well you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go  Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missing home Only know you love her when you let her go  And you let her go 
Wheezy out of here  Owee, ha 1400 bitch Leave that bullshit for the birds Drippin, drippin', ha  All that bullshit for the birds, yeah You ain't sayin' nothing but a word, yeah Silly niggas, you some turds, yeah Hating on a boy 'cause I'm in first, place Yeah I'm in first place, yeah I'm in first place Yeah I'm in first place, said I'm in first place All that bullshit for the birds, yeah You ain't sayin' nothing but a word, yeah Silly niggas, you some turds, ay All these niggas hatin' I'm in first place, place I'm in first place, you ain't nothin' but a bird (ha)  Dare a nigga test me On a island right now on a jetski Baby girl bless me Just like God, baby bless me Nigga cannot stress me 'Cause I'm gettin' money with the fucking gang Diamonds all up on me VVS the gang  Yeah, VVS the chain When it rains I'm still happy That foreign little bitch she call me papi Got some American hoes they call me daddy-y And if you sleep, wake up, you bitch as fuck Bad lil' bitch, big butt, we rich as fuck And if you gettin' buck, them clips is up And we get to airing it out, and we get to airing it out All that bullshit is for the birds, let the birds talk Let the birds talk, pussy nigga let the birds walk (ha)  You just mad I got the bands over you Made a million dollars fuck the fans over you In the back of the cut, sipping cranberry juice Yeah, I'm so sauced up, yeah Niggas wishing that they caught up For the reason I was brought up Because I said I ball nigga like Vince Carter Slaughter your daughter, bitch I go harder, like Mr. Carter On the gang bitch Nigga fuck you and who the fuck you came with 'Cause all that bullshit you talking for the birds (ha)  Yeah, VVS the chain When it rains I'm still happy That foreign little bitch she call me papi Got some American hoes they call me daddy-y And if you sleep, wake up, you bitch as fuck Bad little bitch, big butt, we rich as fuck And if you gettin' buck, them clips is up And we get to airing it out, and we get to airing it out All that bullshit is for the birds, let the birds talk Let the birds talk, pussy nigga let the birds walk (ha) 
There are people who I trust There are people who trust me And I don't know why They're choosing to confide In someone who will talk about anything  And there are people who I miss There are people who miss me And I don't know why They're investing all their time Into someone with my history  So now I'm numb And it's because Of everything  My eyes are tired My body's tired Of waking up and still being me 
I met a superhero I lost her I want her back She did things to me that no one else could And I miss that  Don't wanna talk about it I was so wrong about it Can't do a thing about it now Now  'Cause they say if you love her let her go And they say if it's meant to be you'll know Know  I met a superhero I lost her I want her back She did things to me that no one else could And I miss that Yeah  I met a superhero I lost her I want her back She did things to me that no one else could And I miss that I miss that  I miss that I miss that I miss that I miss that  Don't wanna talk about it I was so wrong about it Can't do a thing about it now Now  Don't wanna talk about it I was so wrong about it Can't do a thing about it now Now  And they say if it's meant to be you'll know I met a superhero I lost her I want her back She did things to me that no one else could And damn, I miss that 
I don't know what road we're on I don't know what we're heading towards But I know my heart is all yours All my friends tell me I'd be better off on my own And sometimes I believe 'em But I know I could never leave him  Mixed signals, mixed signals They're killing me I don't know what you want But I know what I need The goodbyes, the hello's The 'I need you', 'no I don't' Every time I start to close the door You knock and I let you in Loving you is my greatest sin  You tell me to get lost and that you're done I see it in your eyes you wanna run But I know you know that I'm the only one I could find someone who'd never make me cry Someone who'd never tell me goodbye But I know that I would never survive  Mixed signals, mixed signals They're killing me I don't know what you want But I know what I need The goodbyes, the hello's The 'I need you', 'no I don't' Every time I start to close the door You knock and I let you in Loving you is my greatest sin  I don't know why I love you I don't know why I stay I don't know if it's worth the pain But even when you slam the door and drive away I still set the table for two Babe, you know I'm waiting on you To buy me a bouquet, tell me we're okay  And that you're so so sorry And I believe you every time But I can't lie  These mixed signals, mixed signals They're killing me I don't know what you want But I know what I need The goodbyes, the hello's The "I need you", "No I don't" Every time I start to close the door You knock and I let you in Loving you is my greatest sin Loving you is my greatest sin Loving you is my greatest sin 
I'm feeling kind of banged up Slow out of the bed Neon noise and honkey-tonk wine ringing in my head Last night I saw your car I overheard your name Pilled my hat down low, wouldn't want you to know I was in this shape  Now these old beer bones Are like a rusty old plow These cigarettes eyes are 'Bout to burn out But they're still doing better Better than my heart These whiskey worn lips can't muster up a smile The soles on my boots have walked their last mile But they're still doing better Better than my heart  You filled it with your love Then you drained it out Sometimes I think you built it up Just to break it down Now that's really left Is an emptiness inside A river running cold, memories growing old Dying right there on the vine  Now these old beer bones Are like a rusty old plow These cigarettes eyes are 'Bout to burn out But they're still doing better Better than my heart These whiskey worn lips can't muster up a smile The soles on my boots have walked their last mile But they're still doing better Better than my heart  Now these old beer bones Are like a rusty old plow These cigarettes eyes are 'Bout to burn out But they're still doing better Better than my heart These whiskey worn lips can't muster up a smile The soles on my boots have walked their last mile But they're still doing better Better than my heart  Yeah, they're still doing better Better than my heart Better than my heart 
The best thing about tonight's that we're not fighting Could it be that we have been this way before? I know you don't think that I am trying I know you're wearing thin down to the core  But hold your breath Because tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again Don't make me change my mind Oh, I won't live to see another day I swear it's true Because a girl like you is impossible to find You're impossible to find  This is not what I intended I always swore to you I'd never fall apart And you always thought that I was stronger I may have failed but I have loved you from the start  Oh, but hold your breath Because tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again Don't make me change my mind Oh, I won't live to see another day I swear it's true Because a girl like you is impossible to find It's impossible  So breathe in so deep Breathe me in I'm yours to keep And hold onto your words 'Cause talk is cheap And remember me tonight when you're asleep  Because tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again Don't make me change my mind Oh, I won't live to see another day I swear it's true Because a girl like you is impossible to find  Tonight will be the night that I will fall for you over again Don't make me change my mind Oh, I won't live to see another day I swear it's true Because a girl like you is impossible to find You're impossible to find 
I found myself dreaming In silver and gold Like a scene from a movie That every broken heart knows  We were walking on moonlight And you pulled me close Split second and you disappeared And then I was all alone  I woke up in tears With you by my side A breath of relief And I realized No, we're not promised tomorrow  So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you And I'm gonna hold you like I'm saying goodbye Wherever we're standing I won't take you for granted 'Cause we'll never know when, when we'll run out of time  So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you  In the blink of an eye Just a whisper of smoke You could lose everything The truth is you never know  So I'll kiss you longer baby Any chance that I get And I'll make the most of the minutes And love with no regrets  So let's take our time to say what we want Here's what we got before it's all gone 'Cause no, we're not promised tomorrow  So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you And I'm gonna hold you like I'm saying goodbye Wherever we're standing I won't take you for granted 'Cause we'll never know when, when we'll run out of time  So I'm gonna love you (I'm gonna love you) Like I'm gonna lose you (like I'm gonna lose you) So I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you  Hey Whoa  I'm gonna love you (oh) Like I'm gonna lose you (like I'm gonna lose you) I'm gonna hold you like I'm saying goodbye Wherever we're standing I won't take you for granted 'Cause we'll never know when, when we'll run out of time  So I'm gonna love you (I'm gonna love you babe) Like I'm gonna lose you (like I'm gonna lose you) I'm gonna love you like I'm gonna lose you 
You'll never enjoy your life, Living inside the box You're so afraid of taking chances, How you gonna reach the top?  Rules and regulations, Force you to play it safe Get rid of all the hesitation, It's time for you to seize the day  Instead of just sitting around And looking down on tomorrow You gotta let your feet off the ground, The time is now  I'm waiting, waiting, just waiting, I'm waiting, waiting outside the lines Waiting outside the lines Waiting outside the lines  Try to have no regrets Even if it's just tonight How you gonna walk ahead If you keep living blind  Stuck in that same position, You deserve so much more There's a whole world around us, Just waiting to be explored  Instead of just sitting around And looking down on tomorrow You gotta let your feet off the ground, The time is now, just let it go  Don't wanna have to force you to smile I'm here to help you notice the rainbow 'Cause I know, What's in you is out there  I'm waiting, waiting, just waiting, I'm waiting, waiting outside the lines Waiting outside the lines Waiting outside the lines  I'm trying to be patient (I'm trying to be patient) The first step is the hardest (the hardest) I know you can make it, Go ahead and take it  I'm Waiting, waiting, just waiting I'm waiting I'm waiting, waiting, just waiting I'm waiting, waiting outside the lines Waiting outside the lines Waiting outside the lines  You'll never enjoy your life Living inside the box You're so afraid of taking chances, How you gonna reach the top? 
It won't be in vain To swallow what hurts And learn to love what burn And gather courage to return  Faces in the crowd Faces in the crowd will smile again And the devil may cry The devil may cry at the end of the night   Faces in the crowd Faces in the crowd will smile again And the devil may cry The devil may cry at the end of the night   The light will shine through the rain And heaven will hear them call your name And home will feel like home again Corruption will fill your brain  Faces in the crowd Faces in the crowd will smile again And the devil may cry The devil may cry at the end of the night   Faces in the crowd Faces in the crowd will smile again And the devil may cry The devil may cry at the end of the night   They will parade upon your victory They will parade upon your victory You'll put a smile upon their faces The world will be yours for the taking The story you birth will be ageless Just learn to love pain and be patient  Faces in the crowd Faces in the crowd will smile again And the devil may cry The devil may cry at the end of the night  Faces in the crowd Faces in the crowd will smile again And the devil may cry The devil may cry at the end of the night 
You must think that I'm stupid You must think that I'm a fool You must think that I'm new to this But I have seen this all before  I'm never gonna let you close to me Even though you mean the most to me 'Cause every time I open up, it hurts So I'm never gonna get too close to you Even when I mean the most to you In case you go and leave me in the dirt  Every time you hurt me, the less that I cry And every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry And every time you walk out, the less I love you Baby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true  I'm way too good at goodbyes (I'm way too good at goodbyes) I'm way too good at goodbyes (I'm way too good at goodbyes) No way that you'll see me cry (No way that you'll see me cry) I'm way to good at goodbyes (I'm way to good at goodbyes)  I know you're thinking I'm heartless I know you're thinking I'm cold I'm just protecting my innocence I'm just protecting my soul  I'm never gonna let you close to me Even though you mean the most to me 'Cause every time I open up, it hurts So I'm never gonna get too close to you Even when I mean the most to you In case you go and leave me in the dirt  Every time you hurt me, the less that I cry And every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry And every time you walk out, the less I love you Baby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true  I'm way to good at goodbyes (I'm way to good at goodbyes) I'm way too good at goodbyes (I'm way too good at goodbyes) No way that you'll see me cry (No way that you'll see me cry)  No way that you'll see me cry (No way that you'll see me cry) I'm way too good at goodbyes (I'm way to good at goodbyes) No No, no, no, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes) No, no, no, no No, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes) (No way that you'll see me cry) (I'm way too good at goodbyes)  'Cause overtime you hurt me, the less that I cry And every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry And every time you walk out, the less I love you Baby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true I'm way too good at goodbyes 
[00:16.82]It could've been different if I sang the song so long ago [00:18.78]And now I'm feeling like I'm stuck in slow motion again [00:21.09]But all I've got is time, running around in circles [00:23.23]Just to find that peace of mind and you know I'm gonna get what's mine [00:29.20]I've lost touch, too much sympathy, follow me, don't follow me [00:32.20]Fragments of each sentence representing anything I think [00:33.99]And still I try to smile and still I try to laugh [00:36.29]And still I'll never change, I'm stuck here studying the past [00:38.34]So count me in (So count me in) no, count me out, it happened again [00:43.37] [00:50.54]It could've been, should've been, would've been different [00:53.61]'Cause I know now what I never knew then [00:55.49]It could've been, should've been, would've been different [00:57.62]Could've been [00:59.24] [01:07.93]It could've been different if the fragments of each sentence [01:10.15]Were reminiscent of a sing along, song I sang so long ago [01:12.45]And still I try to smile and still I try to laugh [01:14.51]Just to find that peace of mind and you know I'm gonna get what's mine [01:17.06]So count me in (So count me in) no, count me out, it happened again [01:21.74] [01:29.26]So count me in (So count me in) no, count me out, it happened again [01:34.63] [01:41.98]It could've been, should've been, would've been different [01:44.54]'Cause I know now what I never knew then [01:46.59]It could've been, should've been, would've been different [01:48.64]Could've been [01:50.34] [01:59.37]Forget about apologies, I'm not a sorry kid [02:03.80]So sing along with me, sing song we used to sing [02:07.64]Forget about apologies, I'm not a sorry kid [02:11.82]So sing along with me, it could've been different [02:15.39]Should've been different, would've been different 
Where's your rosey, rush? Now babe, I think I've lost my touch Why won't you open up your reins? Amour, I hope for trust Astray, I search upon the storm She told me all my worth is worn  Woah, where I lay I'll wake for you Woah, stuck and stray, I'll wait for you Oh no, woah I'm blind, girl I may Love, if you hold my hand with grace  I miss your golden grin, now love is lost in search for him I wish for cold these flames would smolder, peace runs awfully thin Under my skin, woah I seek to live, woah  Woah, where I lay I'll wake for you Woah, stuck and stray, I'll wait for you Oh no, woah I'm blind, girl I may Love, if you hold my hand with grace Love Love Love, woah Oh, love Love, woah Oh, love 
It's been awhile since I could hold my head high And it's been awhile since I first saw you And it's been awhile since I could stand on my own two feet again And it's been awhile since I could call you  But everything I can't remember As fucked up as it all may seem The consequences that I've rendered I've stretched myself beyond my means  It's been awhile since I can say that I wasn't addicted And it's been awhile since I could say I love myself as well And it's been awhile since I've gone and fucked things up, just like I always do And it's been awhile, but all that shit seems to disappear when I'm with you  But everything I can't remember As fucked up as it all may seem The consequences that I've rendered I've gone and fucked things up again  Why must I feel this way? Just make this go away Just one more peaceful day  And it's been awhile since I could look at myself straight And it's been awhile since I said I'm sorry And it's been awhile since I've seen the way the candles light your face And it's been awhile, but I can still remember just the way you taste  But everything I can't remember As fucked up as it all may seem to be, I know it's me I cannot blame this on my father He did the best he could for me  And it's been awhile since I could hold my head up high And it's been awhile since I said I'm sorry 
Wise men say Only fools rush in But I can't help Fallin' in love with you Oh, shall I stay  Would it be a sin Oh, if I can't help Fallin' in love with you Like a river flows  Surely to the sea  Darling so it goes Some things Are meant to be Take my hand  Take my whole life too Oh, for I can't help Fallin' in love with you Oh, like a river flows  Surely to the sea Darling so it goes Some things are meant to be Oh, take my hand Take my whole life too For I can't help Fallin' in love with you Oh, oh, for I, I can't help Falling in love with you 
She would not show that she was afraid, But being and feeling alone was too much to face, Though everyone said that she was so strong, What they didn't know is that she could barely carry on,  But she knew that she would be okay, So she didn't let it get in her way,  Sometimes it all gets a little too much, But you gotta realize that soon the fog will clear up, And you don't have to be afraid, because we're all the same, And we know that sometimes it all gets a little too much,  She would always tell herself she could do this She would use no help it would be just fine But when it got hard she would lose her focus So take my hand and we'll be alright  And she knew that she would be okay, So she didn't let it get in her way,  Sometimes it all gets a little too much, But you gotta realize that soon the fog will clear up, And you don't have to be afraid, because we're all the same, And we know that sometimes it all gets a little too much, yeah.  A little too much, I said a little too much, oh.  Sometimes it all gets a little too much, But you gotta realize that soon the fog will clear up, And you don't have to be afraid, because we're all the same, And we know that sometimes it all gets a little too much yeah!  Sometimes it all gets a little too much, But you gotta realize that soon the fog will clear up, And you don't have to be afraid, because we're all the same, And we know that sometimes it all gets a little too much. 
Like a small boat In the ocean Sending big waves Into motion  Like how a single word Can make a heart open I might only have one match But I can make an explosion  And all those things I didn't say Wrecking balls inside my brain I will scream them loud tonight Can you hear my voice this time  This is my fight song Take back my life song Prove I'm all right song My power's turned on Starting right now I'll be strong I'll play my fight song And I don't really care if nobody else believes 'Cause I've still got a lot of fight left in me  Losing friends and I'm chasing sleep Everybody's worried about me In too deep Say I'm in too deep (in too deep)  And it's been two years, I miss my home But there's a fire burning in my bones And I still believe Yeah, I still believe  And all those things I didn't say Wrecking balls inside my brain I will scream them loud tonight Can you hear my voice this time?  This is my fight song Take back my life song Prove I'm all right song My power's turned on Starting right now I'll be strong I'll play my fight song And I don't really care if nobody else believes 'Cause I've still got a lot of fight left in me A lot of fight left in me  Like a small boat In the ocean Sending big waves Into motion  Like how a single word Can make a heart open I might only have one match But I can make an explosion  This is my fight song Take back my life song Prove I'm all right song My power's turned on Starting right now I'll be strong I'll play my fight song And I don't really care if nobody else believes 'Cause I've still got a lot of fight left in me  Now I've still got a lot of fight left in me 
I'm coming home I'm coming home Tell the World I'm coming home Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the World I'm coming  Back where I belong I've never felt so strong eh Feeling like there's nothing that I can't try And if you feel me put your hands high, high, high, hey And if you feel me put your hands high, high, hey  This is my story this is my song If you ain't got the heart, don't attempt to try this at home It's just a poem from a man once living wrong Now I'm in the zone, tell the World I'm coming home Been a long time coming, been a long time coming This song feel like the greatest of all time coming 'Cause I do it B-I-G, I remember we would be high Who'd have thought we'd be running rap when we was knee high To appreciate the sun you gotta know what rain is Or 'cause I'm famous you don't gotta know what pain is But I bounce back, would ya look at that I take my spot at the top and I ain't looking back  I'm coming home I'm coming home Tell the World I'm coming home Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the World I'm coming  I'm coming home Tell the World I'm coming home Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the World I'm coming  Hey, confusion like I was losing my mind But one thing I never lose is my grind My closet need a lot of cleaning now I can't sleep 'cause I don't like the sh-t I dream about Hey Dear Lord please help me get the demons out And then help me get my genius out And get back to what I had If my good's outweigh my bads, do you think my mistakes is gon even out (even out) I guess try and see, it's on my diary, I'm living for my kids Now they is just as fly as me Talk well, wonder if Andre Harrell knew how great I would be when he fired me  I'm coming home I'm coming home Tell the World I'm coming home Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the World I'm coming... home  I'm coming home I'm coming home Tell the World I'm coming home Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday I know my kingdom awaits and they've forgiven my mistakes I'm coming home, I'm coming home Tell the World I'm coming... home 
It's looking like a limb torn off Or all together just taken apart Or wheeling through an endless fog We are the ever-living ghost of what once was  But no one Is ever gonna love you more than I do No one's gonna love you more than I do  And anything to make you smile It is a better side of you to admire But they should never take so long Just to be over this, back to another one  And no one Is ever gonna love you more than I do No one's gonna love you more than I do And someone, they could have warned you  When things start splitting at the seams and now The whole thing's tumbling down Things start splitting at the seams and now If things start splitting at the seams And now it's tumbling down  Yeah, anything to make you smile You are the ever-living ghost of what once was They never wanna hear you say That you'd be better off, or you like it that way  And no one Is ever gonna love you more than I do No one's gonna love you more than I do But someone, they should have warned you  When things start splitting at the seams and now The whole thing's tumbling down Things start splitting at the seams and now If things start splitting at the seams And now it's tumbling down 
Why am I so in love? Why am I so in love? Why am I so in love? I don't know why  Steady tryin' to maintain Same things that a blood bitch might frame My brain can't fathom what the hate say He say, she say, how 'bout me say? Get the Vis-a, had to tell the others A-S-A-P What's that on my shawty wrist? That's a AP I'm the type to save a bitch, C-A-P-E Feelin' like ET, flyin' out of the Addy Fuckin' on shawty, she baddie, 'cause she was calmin' the addict I mean I'm better than better, maybe I'm lyin' I'm sadder than most of y'all with the money and the freedom, nigga What is money really worth if it ain't love? I'ma find a perfect balance, it's gon' take time I heard shawty still in love through the grapevine Heard shawty still in love through the grapevine Heard shawty in love through the grapevine  Mix a little bit of weed with a little bit of cash With a little bit of this, with a little bit of that We gon' be al-, we gon' be al- (right) We gon' be al- (right) we gon' be al- Mix a little bit of weed with a little bit of cash With a little bit of this, with a little bit of that We gon' be al-, we gon' be alright We gon' be al- (right) we gon' be al- Mix a little bit of weed with a little bit of cash With a little bit of this, with a little bit of that We gon' be al-, we gon' be al (right) We gon' be alright, we gon' be al- Mix a little bit of weed with a little bit of cash With a little bit of this, with a little bit of that We gon' be al- (right) we gon' be al- We gon' be al- (right) we gon' be al-  Why am I so in love? I don't know why Why am I so in love? I don't know why  She said I, oh, I, am fallin' for you, fallin' for you I, oh, I, am fallin' for you, fallin' for you I, oh, I, am fallin' for you, fallin' for you I, oh, I, am fallin' for you, fallin' for you  Why am I so in love? Why am I so in love? Why am I so in love? I don't know why Why am I so in love? Why am I so in love? Why am I so in love? I don't know why 
And I am alone, so don't speak I find war, and I find peace I find no heat, no love in me  And I am low and unwell This is love, this is hell This sweet plague that follows me  And my body's weak Feel my heart giving up on me I'm worried it might just be And my body's weak Feel my lungs giving up on me I'm worried it might just be Something my soul needs Something my soul needs  And I see war on the screen, And it is cruel and unclean, But I still worry more about you  And I am rude and unkind Have no thought, and have no time Have no eyes, so no point of view  And my body's weak I feel my heart giving up on me I'm worried it might just be My body's weak Feel my lungs giving up on me I'm worried it might just be Something my soul needs Something my soul needs Something my soul needs  And I am more than this frame, I feel hurt and I feel shame I just wish you would feel the same  And I am more than these bones I feel love, I feel alone I just wish you would come home  My body's weak I feel my heart giving up on me I'm worried it might just be My body's weak Feel my lungs giving up on me I'm worried it might just be Something my soul needs Something my soul needs Something my soul needs  Is you, lying next to me And it's you, lying next to me 
I'm in this fight, and I'm swinging And my arms are getting tired I'm trying to beat this emptiness but I'm running out of time I'm sinking in the sand, and I can barely stand I'm lost in this dream, I need you to hold me I'm scared of lonely  I tried to be patient, but I'm hurting deep inside And I can't keep waiting, I need comfort late at night And I can't find my way, won't you lead me home 'Cause I'm lost in this dream, I need you to hold me I'm scared of lonely  And I'm scared of being the only Shadow I see along the wall And I'm scared of the only heartbeat I hear beating is my own And I'm scared of being alone I can't seem to breathe when I am lost In this dream, I need you to hold me I'm scared of lonely  I cry at night, 'cause my baby's too far to be by my side To wipe away these tears of mine, so I hold my pillow tight To imagine you, I'll stretch your hand looking for mine I'm lost in this dream, I need you to hold me I'm scared of lonely  I need your strength when nobody is around 'Cause I'm tired of this emptiness I think I'm drowning I can't be lonely And I'm lost in this dream, I need you to hold me I'm scared of lonely 
My ship went down in a sea of sound When I woke up alone, I had everything A handful of moments I wish I could change And a tongue like a nightmare that cut like a blade In a city of fools I was careful and cool But they tore me apart like a hurricane A handful of moments I wish I could change But I was carried away  Give me therapy, I'm a walking travesty But I'm smiling at everything Therapy, you were never a friend to me And you can keep all your misery  My lungs gave out as I faced the crowd I think that keeping this up could be dangerous I'm flesh and bone, I'm a rolling stone And the experts say I'm delirious  Give me therapy, I'm a walking travesty But I'm smiling at everything Therapy, you were never a friend to me You can take back your misery  Arrogant boy, love yourself so no one has to They're better off without you (they're better off without you) Arrogant boy, cause a scene like your supposed to They'll fall asleep without you You're lucky if your memory remains  Give me therapy, I'm a walking travesty But I'm smiling at everything Therapy, you were never a friend to me You can take back your misery Therapy, I'm a walking travesty But I'm smiling at everything Therapy, you were never a friend to me You can choke on your misery 
Here we are, we are the champions We've come so far, they said it can't be done And we right here, and we still number one Still number one, still number one So here we are, we are the champions  Check it, always had big hopes as a kid Just a rotten tomato building shit out of Legos Can't hit the ball if you ain't swingin' the bat And like a home run, that boy is not coming back Rise like creams, kid with a dream Went from never seeing straight to the face on a magazine Now my team got anthems Y'all frozen, a cold hook from the champion  Here we are, we are the champions (YMCMB) We've come so far, they said it can't be done And we right here, and we still number one Still number one, still number one So here we are, we are the champions  You know you gotta be strong to survive When everyone's trying to break you So let 'em hate, just go your own way Don't ever let 'em try and change you I walk alone through the fire to the throne I find myself in the dark, I close my eyes and there you are  Here we are, we are the champions We've come so far, they said it can't be done And we right here, and we still number one (yeah) Still number one, still number one (yeah) So here we are, we are the champions (Stunna, check me)  Rich gang, from Forbes to fortune and fame Spit game, from millions to billions to gain Life, triple crown on them bright lights Sunny days, rainy nights on them global flights Yeah, the like father, like son struggle Mo' muscle, gun bussa, we flip digits TRUK fitted, go get it Ship it 'cause it's bigger than life  Here we are, we are the champions We've come so far, they said it can't be done And we right here, and we still number one Still number one, still number one So here we are, we are the champions (yeah)  Uh, number one in this motherfucker Lil Weezy fuck the world with two rubbers But in the meantime I'mma have a nice time Went from a con artist to an icon Got the keys to success on my key ring Used to dream about sugar, sweet dreams But reality is a bitch and she my bitch Sold my soul to the devil, made a profit Tunechi  Here we are, we are the champions (yeah, haha) We've come so far, they said it can't be done (pour some Gatorade on it) And we right here, and we still number one (ah, yeah, yeah) Still number one, still number one (oh yeah) So here we are, we are the champions (I almost forgot) (Young Mula baby) 
When you fall asleep With your head upon my shoulder When you're in my arms But you've gone somewhere deeper  Are you going to age with grace? Are you going to age without mistakes? Are you going to age with grace? Oh, only to wake and hide your face  When oh, oh, oblivion Is calling out your name You always take it further Than I ever can  When you play it hard And I try to follow you there It's not about control But I turn back when I see where you go  Are you going to age with grace? Are you going to leave a path to trace?  But oh, oh, oblivion Is calling out your name You always take it further Than I ever can  When oh, oh, oblivion Is calling out your name You always take it further Than I ever can 
'Cause you're a sky, 'cause you're a sky full of stars I'm gonna give you my heart 'Cause you're a sky, 'cause you're a sky full of stars Because you light up the path  And I don't care, go on and tear me apart And I don't care if you do, ooh  'Cause in a sky, 'cause in a sky full of stars I think I saw you  'Cause you're a sky, 'cause you're a sky full of stars I wanna die in your arms 'Cause you get lighter the more it gets dark I'm gonna give you my heart  And I don't care, go on and tear me apart And I don't care if you do, ooh 'Cause in a sky, 'cause in a sky full of stars I think I see you  'Cause you're a sky, you're a sky full of stars Such a heavenly view You're such a heavenly view 
I'm sick to death of eating breakfast on my own Starting out my daily blues  I'm sick to death of spilling coffee on my phone Scrolling through pictures of you I'd like to say that maybe we could work it out But I know that it's no use  If I ever find anyone half as good as you I think maybe that will do  I kissed a stranger in the hallway late last night He was wearing purple shoes I asked him when he kissed me, could he close his eyes? But he just looked at me confused And people say my expectations are too high But I'm not asking for the moon  If I ever find anyone half as good as you I think maybe that will do If I ever find anyone half as good as you I think maybe that will do  Oh, I'm so sick of laying here So sick of counting tears Comparing everyone to you Oh, I'm so sick of waiting here So frustrated My suspicions are you're laying there and thinking of me too  I learned the lyrics yesterday to all your songs There was one I couldn't do I think the lyric went "You'll miss me when I'm gone" But the cords, I was confused I'd ask you 'round and you could tell me where I'm wrong But then I know you'd just refuse Refuse  If I ever find anyone half as good as you I think maybe that will do If I ever find anyone half as good as you I think maybe that will do 
Don't speak my name like it belongs in your mouth When everything's the same I just want something else What makes you better than me? If you still end up all by yourself What makes you think that I want to help you now? Don't come back to me I'll show the world that I can finally breathe without these words It's just a story that goes untold It's just a feeling I've never known before I won't forgive you for this So just know that you won't be missed.  So don't come back to me Now that you're gone I can finally breathe again And I won't forget you These days here without you are the best that I've ever had So don't come back to me Now that you're gone I can finally breathe again And I won't forgive you for this So just know that you won't be missed.  What makes you better than me? Look at the person you've become I know you never tried at all Don't ever speak my name again It won't be long until we reach the end It's just a story that goes untold But I can breathe and there's room for me to grow I won't forgive you for this So just know that you won't be missed.  So don't come back to me Now that you're gone I can finally breathe again And I won't forget you These days here without you are the best that I've ever had So don't come back to me Now that you're gone I can finally breathe again And I won't forgive you for this So just know that you won't be missed.  You won't be missed, Don't speak my name again I won't forgive you I won't forget You won't be missed, Don't speak my name again It won't be long until we reach the end. 
Yeah  Spotlight, uh, moonlight, uh Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right, uh Shawty look good in the moonlight All these pussy niggas so bad mind Spotlight, moonlight Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right Shawty look good in the moonlight All these pussy niggas so bad mind Spotlight, uh, moonlight Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right, uh Shawty look good in the moonlight All these pussy niggas so bad mind Spotlight, moonlight Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right Shawty look good in the moonlight All these pussy niggas so bad mind  Feel like I'm destined I don't need no Smith & Wesson, no Girl, who you testin'? Fuck a Scantron, here's your lesson, oh Knife in intestine Takin' shots with all your brethren, no Feel like I'm damaged Feelin' like you fuckin' planned it  All alone, call my phone, make me feel right Girl you know when you call, make me feel right All alone, call my phone, make me feel right Girl you know when you call, make me feel right  Spotlight, uh, moonlight, uh Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right, uh Shawty look good in the moonlight All these pussy niggas so bad mind Spotlight, moonlight Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right Shawty look good in the moonlight All these pussy niggas so bad mind Spotlight, uh, moonlight Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right, uh Shawty look good in the moonlight All these pussy niggas so bad mind Spotlight, moonlight Nigga, why you trippin'? Get your mood right Shawty look good in the moonlight All these pussy niggas so bad mind 
I've got a clock that wakes me Every morning for my train I've got a corn that gives me Warning when it's going to rain I've got a dream that's coming true I've got a sweety in view  I'm as happy as can be, 'cause I've Fallen in love with a girl you see I haven't told her, she hasn't told me But we know it just the same  Saturday night on her settee Oh what a time there's going to be I haven't told her, she hasn't told me But we know it just the same  She still calls me Mister But she won't, I know she won't After I've kissed her  I've got a feeling soon there'll be One little, two little, possibly three I haven't told her, she hasn't told me But we know it just the same 
Since I can't cry I'mma let the song cry 'Cause it's hard for me to sing when they come from my eyes Since I can't die I'mma lay my head down And just wait for this dark night to fade into a sunrise And this hand that I'm feeling is pulling me deep So deep that I can't breathe  'Cause I can't erase all my mistakes I'm just a man who falls on his face Servants and kings have all felt this pain By now I should be sick of falling on my face Falling on my face Falling on my face Falling on my face  Feel like I can't win so I'mma throw my hands up 'Cause every time I get close something mess up Imagine being in hell looking up at heaven And just saying if I can get there it will make it better But this hand that I'm feeling is pulling me deep So deep that I can't breathe  'Cause I can't erase all my mistakes I'm just a man who falls on his face Servants and kings have all felt this pain By now I should be sick of falling on my face Falling on my face Falling on my face Falling on my face  No one to blame I'll take the shame Every stone that needs to be thrown throw my way Sometimes the best lesson are learned when you know And you find your way when there's nowhere else to go Now that I know  'Cause I can't erase all my mistakes I'm just a man who falls on his face Servants and kings have all felt this pain By now I should be sick of falling on my face Falling on my face Falling on my face Falling on my face 
Well you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go  Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missin' home Only know you love her when you let her go  And you let her go  Staring at the bottom of your glass Hoping one day, you'll make a dream last But dreams come slow and they go so fast  You see her when you close your eyes Maybe one day you'll understand why Everything you touch surely dies  But you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go  Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missin' home Only know you love her when you let her go  Staring at the ceiling in the dark Same old empty feeling in your heart 'Cause love comes slow and it goes so fast  Well you see her when you fall asleep But never to touch and never to keep 'Cause you loved her too much and you dived too deep  Well you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go  Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missin' home Only know you love her when you let her go  And you let her go And you let her go Well you let her go  'Cause you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go  Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missin' home Only know you love her when you let her go  'Cause you only need the light when it's burning low Only miss the sun when it starts to snow Only know you love her when you let her go  Only know you've been high when you're feeling low Only hate the road when you're missin' home Only know you love her when you let her go  And you let her go 
Ah, ah Hey Ah, oh Mmm  Baby Baby, yeah Are you listening?  Wondering where you've been all my life I've just started livin' Ooh-oh, baby Are you listening? Ah  When you say you love me Know I love you more And when you say you need me Know I need you more Boy, I adore you I adore you  Baby, when you hear me When I'm crying out for you I'm scared, oh, so scared Oh, when you're near me I feel like I'm standing with an army  Of men armed with weapons Yeah, oh  When you say you love me Know I love you more And when you say you need me Know I need you more Boy, I adore you I adore you  I love lying next to you I could do this for eternity You and me We're meant to be in holy matrimony God knew exactly what he was doing When he led me to you  When you say you love me Know I love you more (I love you more) And when you say you need me Know I need you more Boy, I adore you I adore you  When you say you love me Know I love you more And when you say you need me Know I need you more Boy, I adore you I adore you 
Why am I mad? I don't get it. It seems like every time you give me signs And I miss it I did it again I admit it I left you standing there and now I regret it  Seems like every time I get the chance I lose my cool and I blow it And I get all tongue tied Lost in your eyes I'm a fool and I know it  I should've kissed you I should've told you Told you just how I feel And next time I won't stop I'll listen to my heart 'Cause what I feel is real  I should've kissed you I should've told you how I feel I should've kissed you I should've showed you just how I feel  No I did not give you my two cents A million reasons why I should have And it makes no sense  So here I am By myself again Stopping for green lights and now I know I wanna be more than friends  How come every time I get the chance I lose my cool and I blow it And I get all tongue tied Lost in your eyes I'm a fool and I know it  Hey I should've kissed you I should've told you Told you just how I feel  And next time I won't stop I'll listen to my heart 'Cause what I feel is real  I should've kissed you I should've told you how I feel I should've kissed you I should've showed you just how I feel  So I turned the car around And you were right where I left you And your smile said you were feeling me too  And the moon's shining bright 'Cause when your lips met mine And yeah I finally got it right I'll be leaving with you tonight And I won't have to say  I should've kissed you I should've told you Told you just how I feel  And next time I won't stop I'll listen to my heart 'Cause what I feel is real  I should've kissed you girl I should've showed you how I feel I should've kissed you I should've showed you just how I feel  Girl I should've kissed you I should've told you Told you just how I feel And this time I won't stop Until I have your heart 'Cause what I'm feeling is real 
I was only looking for a shortcut home But it's complicated So complicated Somewhere in this city is a road I know Where we could make it But maybe there's no making it now  Too long we've been denying Now we're both tired of trying We hit a wall and we can't get over it Nothing to relive It's water under the bridge You said it, I get it I guess it is what it is  I was only trying to bury the pain But I made you cry and I can't stop the crying Was only trying to save me But I lost you again Now there's only lying Wish I could say it's only me  Too long we've been denying Now we're both tired of trying We hit a wall and we can't get over it Nothing to relive It's water under the bridge You said it, I get it I guess it is what it is  Here it comes ready or not We both found out it's not how we thought That it would be, how it would be If the time could turn us around What once was lost may be found For you and me, for you and me  Too long we've been denying Now we're both tired of trying We hit a wall and we can't get over it Nothing to relive It's water under the bridge You said it, I get it I guess it is what it is  I was only looking for a shortcut home But it's complicated So complicated 
Yeah, [?] yeah, lots of smoking I can maintain, oh yeah She got me open, Oh no, she won't leave me alone Sexy gal what I need And I know what I want Girl you love me, going crazy, crazy I think I need to take her home  Tonight you'll be my baby I know she can do all the things that I want That I want, want, want You know what I want, want, want She know what I want, want, want That I want, want, want You know what I want, want, want She know what I want, want, want Tonight you'll be my baby I know she can do all the things that I want  Once she be moving like a rebel, rebel The way [?] wanna move to the near [?] She about to take me up [?] I can't take it no more, she a [?] 
The day we met Frozen I held my breath Right from the start I knew it I found a home for my Heart beats fast Colors and promises How to be brave How can I love when I'm afraid to fall But watching you stand alone All of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow  One step closer  I have died everyday waiting for you Darling don't be afraid I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more  Time stands still Beauty in all she is I will be brave I will not let anything take away What's standing in front of me Every breath Every hour has come to this  One step closer  I have died everyday waiting for you Darling don't be afraid I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more  And all along I believed I would find you Time has brought your heart to me I have loved you for a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more  One step closer  I have died everyday waiting for you Darling don't be afraid I have loved you For a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more  And all along I believed I would find you Time has brought your heart to me I have loved you for a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more 
(Feat. MF Grimm)  Lazy nigga!  I saw the thunder and heard the lightning And felt the burden of his n-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-me! I saw the thunder and heard the lightning And felt the burden of his na-a-a-a-a-a-a-me!  (Zev Love X) Check, sup do Yeah, check it out check it out Check it, buss it, peep it, check it I'm on the low like a sneaky ass nigga X the unseen comin' like the night nigga So start panicking Imma crack this Heinekin Suckas is froze like manaquin so no shananegan, bucko I'm rugged like stone face to stucco So fuck it! The mic is in my knuckles so I keeps my fist full of profits My grip is on my pistol in pocket Niggaz be blowin' but be annoyin' like whistle rockets This one goes out to all you suckas: you don't know me I never O.D. on my diet of codine and OE X imbezelin fat checks and cash is okay Fuckin' with the system like a rash but I don't say out loud I read my hit list while I check shit A nigga never lived to hear me diss him on no record The month's up I watched the (fucker?) bleed for seven days The body autopsy said he was killed in seven ways Nowadays tell me what lady don't get it Listen to BLS you just might catch radio edit I got the good news so watch the happy story end like Colin Fergussen or Jack Kavorkian and you don't quit  I saw the thunder and heard the lightning And felt the burden of his n-a-a-a-a-a-a-me! I saw the thunder and heard the lightning And felt the burden of his n-a-a-a-a-a-a-me!  (MF Grimm) (Sittin' on the train like half past midnight) Who will survive in World War Three? (None!) Who got a style that come close to me? (None!) Niggaz screamin battle who steps to me? (None!) To all you fakers, it's time to meet your maker Raps incarceration of a threat to population Blowing MCs in a yardless, heartless center isolation raise a rattle With recreational mental meditation World War Three, it's me So man your battle station The reaper lyrics are way beyond the limits of human endurance (Yeah!) The rapper called star shot down for insurance (Bang!) I keep the ugly rhymes in the celler of my cranium Where no one can see them or hear cries for freedom Chopped up raw thoughts the only thing I feed 'em Release the beats from the celler when I need 'em Dwell underground like C.H.U.D., love letters Wrinkled paper bags, ink and blood I gotta slay ways of jealous I defeat Dodge bullets blue sparks flowin off the fuckin' concrete Even if it's not your beef you are stressed cause bullets go homeless And homeless need a place to rest So where's your heaven and hell G? Because your Marcus Wellby will not be able to sew That hole in your chest and back Often looks like a car, it's kitted Piped and tinted, and also painted triple black (Ding!) Sad songs to your saviour to sacrifice your soul to prayers failed (Sorry) Cause God moved like a snail so death prevails Your deader than a doornail Lips blue, skin pale, all hail GRIMM!  I saw the thunder and heard the lightning And felt the burden of his n-a-a-a-a-a-a-me! I saw the thunder and heard the lightning And felt the burden of his n-a-a-a-a-a-a-me! 
Walking across the sitting-room, I turn the television off. (3) Sitting beside you, I look into your eyes. As the sound of motor cars fades in the night time, I swear I saw your face change, (4) it didn't seem quite right. … And it's hello babe with your guardian eyes so blue Hey my baby don't you know our love is true.  Coming closer with our eyes, a distance falls around our bodies. Out in the garden, the moon seems very bright, Six saintly shrouded men move across the lawn slowly. The seventh walks in front with a cross held high in hand. (5) … And it's hey babe your supper's waiting for you. Hey my baby, don't you know our love is true.  I've been so far from here, Far from your warm arms. It's good to feel you again, It's been a long long time. Hasn't it? 
I write in cursive lines And I need the help I miss the shoulder of knowing Nothing else  And I will never be I will never be myself I will never be I will never be too well  I'd walk the corners Of my empty mind But I'm full of darkness With the loneliest of light  And I will never be I will never be myself I will never be I will never be too well  And we'll be fine, there is an end It hurts to fall back again And we'll be fine, I promise, oh It hurts to fall back so low And we'll be fine, there is an end It hurts to fall back again And we'll be fine, I promise, oh It hurts to fall back so low, back so low  We will always be We always be alright We will always be We will always be 
I've been watching you For some time Can't stop staring At those oceans eyes Burning cities And napalm skies Fifteen flares inside those ocean eyes Your ocean eyes  No fair You really know how to make me cry When you gimme those ocean eyes I'm scared I've never fallen from quite this high Falling into those ocean eyes Your ocean eyes  I've been walking through A world gone blind Can't stop thinking of your diamond mind Careful creature Made friends with time He left her lonely with a diamond mind And those ocean eyes  No fair You really know how to make me cry When you gimme those ocean eyes I'm scared I've never fallen from quite this high Falling into your ocean eyes Those ocean eyes  No fair You really know how to make me cry When you gimme those ocean eyes I'm scared I've never fallen from quite this high Falling into your ocean eyes Those ocean eyes 
I would like to leave this city This old town don't smell too pretty and I can feel the warning signs running around my mind And when I leave this island I book myself into a soul asylum I can feel the warning signs running around my mind  So here I go I'm still scratching around in the same old hole My body feels young but my mind is very old So what do you say? You can't give me the dreams that are mine anyway You're half the world away You're half the world away  And when I leave this planet You know I'd stay but I just can't stand it and I can feel the warning signs running around my mind And if I can leave this spirit I'll find me a home and I'll live in it I can feel the warning signs running around my mind  So here I go I'm still scratching around in the same old hole My body feels young but my mind is very old So what do you say? You can't give me the dreams that are mine anyway You're half the world away You're half the world away  You're half the world away I've been lost, I've been found But I don't feel down You're half the world away I've been lost, I've been found But I don't feel down I don't feel down 
I'm leaving town gonna leave it all far behind Lookin' back never once crossed my mind They say your bark's worse than your bite I'll make it back in time for love tonight  Then you say that you don't want anyone new No one new  I'm seeing things I ain't never seen before Kinda stuff I can't seem to ignore Half a town away don't seem that long I'll make it back before you know I'm gone  Then you say that you don't want anyone new No one new  I wouldn't have it any other way Many nights as you cry I wouldn't have it any other way You know that I'm gonna stay around till the day I die The day I die The day I die  I'm leaving town gonna leave it all far behind Lookin' back never once crossed my mind They say your bark's worse than your bite I'll have to find out for myself tonight  Then you say that you don't want anyone new No one new 
I wonder what you're thinking Staring through the rain Going through our baby names Your husband thinks you're sleeping At a motorway hotel He doesn't know tonight you're flying out of hell  Be my rose, growing in the cold Be my light in the window at home Be my sun, rising in the sky Be my time bond lover, tonight  You're turning on your phone now Your hands begin to shake I'm just across the harbour bridge you say I flew out here to tell you I couldn't hold your pain then Day by day I waited for your heart to melt  Be my rose, growing in the cold Be my light in the window at home Be my sun, rising in the sky Be my time bond lover, tonight  Be my rose, growing in the cold Be my light in the window at home Be my sun, rising in the sky Be my time bond lover, tonight 
I'm so tired of being here Suppressed by all my childish fears And if you have to leave I wish that you would just leave 'Cause your presence still lingers here And it won't leave me alone  These wounds won't seem to heal This pain is just too real There's just too much that time cannot erase  When you cried I'd wipe away all of your tears When you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fears And I held your hand through all of these years But you still have all of me  You used to captivate me By your resonating light Now I'm bound by the life you left behind Your face it haunts my once pleasant dreams Your voice it chased away all the sanity in me  These wounds won't seem to heal This pain is just too real There's just too much that time cannot erase  When you cried I'd wipe away all of your tears When you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fears And I held your hand through all of these years But you still have all of me  I've tried so hard to tell myself that you're gone But though you're still with me I've been alone all along  When you cried I'd wipe away all of your tears When you'd scream I'd fight away all of your fears And I held your hand through all of these years But you still have all of me Me Me 
Nothing but a tear, that's all for breakfast Watching you pretend you're unaffected You're pulling our connections, expecting me to let you go But I won't  No you don't need my protection But I'm in love, can't blame me for checking I love in your direction, hoping that the message goes  Somewhere close to you Close to you Like so close if they hurt you, you wouldn't find out Just say now, I'm coming right now, to be close to you  Said you let it go, you kept it Working hard to perfect it Now your fear is reckless, and it's out of your control Would you let it go?  No you don't need my protection But I'm in love, can't blame me for checking I love in your direction, hoping that the message goes  Somewhere close to you Close to you Like so close if they hurt you, you wouldn't find out If you let me, I'd be there by now Close to you 
I've been ignoring this big lump in my throat I shouldn't be crying, tears were for the weaker days I'm stronger now, or so I say But something's missing  Whatever it is, it feels like It's laughing at me through the glass of a two-sided mirror Whatever it is, it's just laughing at me And I just wanna scream  What now? I just can't figure it out What now? I guess I'll just wait it out What now? Whoa, what now?  I found the one, he changed my life But was it me that changed And he just happened to come at the right time I'm supposed to be in love But I'm numb again  Whatever it is, it feels like It's laughing at me through the glass of a two-sided mirror Whatever it is, it's just sitting there laughing at me And I just wanna scream  What now? I just can't figure it out What now? I guess I'll just wait it out What now? Please tell me What now?  There's no one to call 'cause I'm just playing games with them all The more I swear I'm happy, the more that I'm feeling alone 'Cause I spent every hour just going through the motions I can't even get the emotions to come out Dry as a bone, but I just wanna shout  What now? I just can't figure it out What now? I guess I'll just wait it out (wait it out) What now? Somebody tell me What now?  I don't know where to go I don't know what to feel I don't know how to cry I don't know ow ow why I don't know where to go I don't know what to feel I don't know how to cry I don't know ow ow why I don't know where to go I don't know what to feel I don't know how to cry I don't know ow ow why  So what now? 
Midnight shadows  Where finding love is a battle But daylight is so close So don't you worry 'bout a thing  We're gonna be alright... (Hey...) We're gonna be alright... ah, yeah, ah yeah... We're gonna be alright...  Baby, don't you know All them tears gon' come and go Baby, you just gotta make up your mind Then every little thing is gonna be alright Baby don't you know All them tears gon' come and go Baby, you just gotta make up your mind We decide it  We're gonna be alright... alright... (Hey...) We're gonna be alright... (Ah, ah, ah...) ah, yeah... (Hey...) We're gonna be alright...  In slow motion Can't seem to get where we're going But the hard times are golden 'Cause they all lead to better days  We're gonna be alright... (Hey...) We're gonna be alright, yeah... (We're gonna be alright, boy!) Ah, yeah, ah yeah... We're gonna be alright...  Baby, don't you know All them tears gon' come and go Baby, you just gotta make up your mind Then every little thing is gonna be alright Baby don't you know All them tears gon' come and go Baby, you just gotta make up your mind We decide it  We're gonna be alright... (Hey...) We're gonna be alright... ooh, baby! Ooh, ooh... (Ah, yeah... ah yeah...) We're gonna be alright...  We're gonna be alright, yeah, yeah... 
You da one that I dream about all day You da one that I think about always You are the one so I make sure I behave My love is your love, your love is my love  Baby I love you, I need you here With me all the time Baby we meant to be, you got me Smiling all the time  You know how to give me that You know how to pull me back When I go running, running, Try'na get away from loving you  You know how to love me hard I won't lie I'm falling hard Yup, I'm falling for you But there's nothing wrong with that  You da one that I dream about all day You da one that I think about always You are the one so I make sure I behave My love is your love, your love is my love  You da one that I dream about all day You da one that I think about always You are the one so I make sure I behave My love is your love, your love is mine  Baby come take me now Hold me now make me come alive You got the sweetest touch I'm so happy you came in my life  You know how to give me that You know how to pull me back When I go running, running, Try'na get away from loving, yah  You know how to love me hard I won't lie I'm falling hard Yup, I'm falling for you But there's nothing wrong with that  You da one that I dream about all day You da one that I think about always You are the one so I make sure I behave My love is your love, your love is my love  You da one that I dream about all day You da one that I think about always You are the one so I make sure I behave My love is your love, your love is mine  Yes I'm kinda crazy That's what happens baby When you put it down you shouldn't'a Give it to me good like that Shouldn't'a hit it like that Had me yelling like that Didn't know you'd would'a had me coming back  You da one that I'm feeling You da one that I'm loving Ain't no other niggas like you No there's just one, one, one, one, one, one, No baby just one, one, one, one I bet you wanna know  You da one that I dream about all day You da one that I think about always You are the one so I make sure I behave My love is your love, your love is my love  You da one that I dream about all day You da one that I think about always You are the one so I make sure I behave My love is your love, your love is mine 
Girl, my head is broken, I wish my eyes weren't open I want what you got girl, aw, anyway Girl, take that dress off, I'll stay home forever I want what you got girl, aw, anyway  Yeah hey now, I'm gonna take you to my grave Yeah hey now, I'm gonna take you to my grave  And in glory when I arrive It'll be his face in my eyes  You say that I am crazy but I know that I'm just lazy See the blood on my arm girl? Yeah I hate my praise See the bird on my arm? Yeah, and I deserve chains I want what you got girl, aw, anyway  Yeah hey now, I'm gonna take you to my grave Yeah hey now, I'm gonna take you to my grave  And in glory when I arrive It'll be his face in my eyes 
I'll sing it one last time for you Then we really have to go You've been the only thing that's right In all I've done  And I can barely look at you But every single time I do I know we'll make it anywhere Away from here  Light up, light up As if you have a choice Even if you cannot hear my voice I'll be right beside you, dear  Louder louder And we'll run for our lives I can hardly speak I understand Why you can't raise your voice to say  To think I might not see those eyes Makes it so hard not to cry And as we say our long goodbyes I nearly do  Light up, light up As if you have a choice Even if you cannot hear my voice I'll be right beside you, dear  Louder louder And we'll run for our lives I can hardly speak I understand Why you can't raise your voice to say  Light up, light up As if you have a choice Even if you cannot hear my voice I'll be right beside you, dear  Louder louder And we'll run for our lives I can hardly speak I understand Why you can't raise your voice to say  Light up, light up As if you have a choice Even if you cannot hear my voice I'll be right beside you, dear  Louder louder And we'll run for our lives I can hardly speak I understand Why you can't raise your voice to say 
Feeling out of touch, lost my way No one ever asked me why Tried to move along, never looking back You're gonna come around in time Alone Alone Alone now my friend Alone Alone Alone now my friend Talking to the walls Now my shadows gone Too much time to pretend There's nothing wrong So lonely So lonely So lonely now, my friend Oh, so lonely So lonely So lonely now, my friend I don't want to feel this way Although it is true when they say It's good for you to be alone But you can't learn it all on your own Lonely So lonely So lonely now, my friend Lonely So lonely So lonely has become my friend 
Yeah, Big 14 know what the fuck goin' on, yeah  Ooh, said I made y'all So how could I be mad that I ain't y'all? Same reason why I hate y'all Hop up in this Rari then I race off, ay Do the dash in this racecar Got the Pistol Pete on me, is this a face off? Ay Better say your damn grace dog Blind in reality just like you're Ray Charles  Ay, I don't want no more pressure No, I don't want no more pressure No, I don't want no more pressure Ah, don't want no more pressure Ah, don't want no more pressure Ah, don't want no more pressure, ah  Ay, fuck your bitch and hit my fucking dab Ay, choppers by my side, you know it clap Like your bitch ass, big bag Big cash, and I tote a big gat Aftermath, I'm just dressed in all black Got the black mask I'll pull it out the motherfucking black bag Ooh, yeah, and drop your ass Bang bang, lil nigga you left in the past Ooh, ay, son these niggas, I'm your dad Big racks on my body, baby got this cash Pray these goofy niggas really goin' out sad Give these pussy niggas hell like I'm Johnny Gat, ooh  Swear I want no pressure No, swear I want no pressure No, swear I want no pressure No, swear I want no pressure No, swear I want no pressure No, swear I want no pressure No, swear I want no pressure  Ooh, ay, ooh, are you niggas really from the field? Or are you niggas really from the hills? I got a mob of niggas coming by the mills They'll shoot your ass down boy from 1400 kills, for real I'm tryna find your fuckin' chill I'm off this Actavis, I'm tryna pop a seal I don't do Xannies baby, no, don't do no pills I'm just smokin' on dope, baby Just thumbin' through the mills, so ill 
Cold outside long after dark You'll find a stone in your heart For time, let's stand together  We'll fall or we'll rise You and I in secret style Awaiting all for thee  You bet your life Come down slow and easy You'll find a way You'll find a way Deny, the world follow you I know you'll rise  I know you'll rise  And keep it down And it won't go away  You secret style It won't go away  It's right inside of me  It's right inside of me Come ‘round, let's stand together We'll rise alone forever Team of life a secret style They're waiting up for me  Come down slow and easy You'll find a way We'll find a way Deny, the world will follow you I know we'll ride I know you'll rise  I know you'll come alive  I know you'll come alive  I know, I know I know, I know I know, I know, I know 
Hello, hello Anybody out there? 'Cause I don't hear a sound Alone, alone I don't really know where the world is but I miss it now  I'm out on the edge and I'm screaming my name Like a fool at the top of my lungs Sometimes when I close my eyes I pretend I'm all right But it's never enough  Cause my echo, echo Is the only voice coming back My shadow, shadow Is the only friend that I have  Listen, listen I would take a whisper if that's all you had to give But it isn't, isn't You could come and save me and try to chase the crazy right out of my head  I'm out on the edge and I'm screaming my name Like a fool at the top of my lungs Sometimes when I close my eyes I pretend I'm all right But it's never enough  Cause my echo, echo Is the only voice coming back My shadow, shadow Is the only friend that I have  I don't wanna be down and I just wanna feel alive and Get to see your face again  I don't wanna be down and I just wanna feel alive and Get to see your face again  But till then Just my echo, my shadow You're my only friend and I'm  I'm out on the edge and I'm screaming my name Like a fool at the top of my lungs Sometimes when I close my eyes I pretend I'm all right But it's never enough  Cause my echo, echo Oh my shadow, shadow  Hello, hello Anybody out there? 
(Hook: Jake Hill) I'm not suicidal I don't wanna fucking die Just wanna be able to close my eyes and feel alright But every day I feel like dying Every day I feel like dying (dying...)  Why do I even try? Why do I even write lyrics about how I'm living the life when I'm battling pain and my demons at night Trying to find a new outlet The devil pounced in I hear him howling, my vision clouded Man I tried to escape but there ain't no way Try to be strong when I deal with the pain (Yuh) Put a bitch in the coffin, so my family has options Gonna work till I'm dead So that they get the best Don't wanna set up a bad example cause' kids looking up Can't leave them in shambles can't make them think clocking out is ok So fuck suicide I'm here to stay  Try to free my mind I don't know what's right Wasting all my time, trying to find the light Try to free my mind I don't know what's right Wasting all my time, trying to find the light (Nah, nah) I'll be out here running, I'll be running from myself now Gunning demons down find my way out of this cell now I'll be running now, I'll be running from myself now Gunning demons down, find my way out of this cell now  I'm not suicidal I don't wanna fucking die Just wanna be able to close my eyes and feel alright But every day I feel like dying Every day I feel like dying (dying...)  One too many bad thoughts inside me Got a hole in my heart put the past behind me I'm pressed with time, I'm stressed with life, my breath is ice I guess I might just bottle it up some more just like always Barely standing, crawling down the hallways Sink into my bed, with death inside my head (Yeah) That note you found I didn't mean it Just wish I had a better sense of meaning Never meant to let you down I've been down now racing thoughts had to drown them out (Fuck) Never giving in I swear to god, no matter how many times I pray to a god I don't believe in just to see if I will never wake up But he called my bluff  Try to free my mind I don't know what's right Wasting all my time, trying to find the light Try to free my mind I don't know what's right Wasting all my time, trying to find the light (Nah, nah) I'll be out here running, I'll be running from myself now Gunning demons down find my way out of this cell now I'll be running now, I'll be running from myself now Gunning demons down, find my way out of this cell now  I'm not suicidal I don't wanna fucking die Just wanna be able to close my eyes and feel alright But every day I feel like dying Every day I feel like dying (dying...) (Muffled) I'm not suicidal I don't wanna fucking die Just wanna be able to close my eyes and feel alright But every day I feel like dying Every day I feel like dying (dying...) 
You won't see me crying Crying over you And you don't see me falling Even baby when I'm falling for two Sometimes it's hard to see you're not watching me When I want you to And don't you know I'm dying Just to spend a little more time with you  Baby I'm yours, all of the time I know that you'll never see  I'm thinking 'bout you (thinking 'bout you) Want to give you all my love when I'm thinking 'bout you (thinking 'bout you) Just can't give you up I don't wanna sleep, I don't wanna leave, I don't want a way out I just wanna feel every little beat when I'm thinking 'bout you (thinking 'bout you) Thinking 'bout you  I only wanna give you love I only wanna sing your sound I don't wanna give this up I don't wanna let you down  Baby I'm yours, all the time, all the time I know that you'll never see  I'm thinking 'bout you (thinking 'bout you) Want to give you all my love when I'm thinking 'bout you (thinking 'bout you) Just can't give you up I don't wanna sleep, I don't wanna leave, I don't want a way out I just wanna feel every little beat when I'm thinking 'bout you (thinking 'bout you) Thinking 'bout you  Maybe I get lost sometimes You're the only thing on my mind And baby, you don't see  When I'm thinking 'bout you (thinking 'bout you) Want to give you all my love when I'm thinking 'bout you (thinking 'bout you) Just can't give you up, 'cause I don't wanna sleep, I don't wanna leave, I don't want a way out I just wanna feel every little beat when I'm thinking 'bout you (thinking 'bout you) Thinking 'bout you 
Columbine, roll a five Baby shake that ass, shake that pumpkin pie Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Columbine, roll a five Baby shake that ass, shake that pumpkin pie Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Twin sisters side by side  Oh, baby what you mean Go and shake that ass hoe for big 14 If you want some cash hoe, big ass cheese Go and shake your ass hoe, like the twerk team Yeah, she gon' shake it like a red nose Yeah, to the wall to the window Put that ass in reverse just like Uno Told her I'm a big dog just like Cujo Sing to that bitch like I'm Bruno Where abouts is your bitch, I'm like who knows Drop that ass baby, not too low, ey Shake that ass bitch just like ooh-woah  Columbine, roll a five Baby shake that ass, shake that pumpkin pie Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Columbine, roll a five Baby shake that ass, shake that pumpkin pie Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Twin sisters side by side, shake it side by side Twin sisters side by side 
Come on, skinny love, just last the year Pour a little salt, we were never here My my my, my my my, my my my, my Staring at the sink of blood and crushed veneer  I tell my love to wreck it all Cut out all the ropes and let me fall My my my, my my my, my my my, my Right at the moment, this order's tall  And I told you to be patient And I told you to be fine And I told you to be balanced And I told you to be kind  And in the morning, I'll be with you But it will be a different kind 'Cause I'll be holding all the tickets And you'll be owning all the fines  Come on, skinny love, what happened here? Suckle on the hope in light brassiere My my my, my my my, my my my, my Sullen load is full, so slow on the split  And I told you to be patient And I told you to be fine And I told you to be balanced And I told you to be kind  And now all your love is wasted Then who the hell was I? 'Cause now I'm breaking at the britches And at the end of all your lines  Who will love you? Who will fight? And who will fall far behind?  Come on skinny love My my my, my my my, my my my, my My my my, my my my, my my my, my 
Help, I have done it again I have been here many times before Hurt myself again today And the worst part is there's no one else to blame  Be my friend Hold me Wrap me up, unfold me I am small I'm needy Warm me up And breathe me  Ouch, I have lost myself again Lost myself and I am nowhere to be found Yeah, I think that I might break Lost myself again and I feel unsafe  Be my friend Hold me Wrap me up, unfold me I am small I'm needy Warm me up And breathe me  Be my friend Hold me Wrap me up, unfold me I am small I'm needy Warm me up And breathe me 
I should have known better Should have known that it wouldn't last forever Should have known that you could break me down We was all crossed lovers, bound by the light Send applause above us Like every story before us, we were meant to fall yeah But the damage is done Let's pick up the pieces This love has deceased And now to move on But I must admit that I'm shot Is it easy It was already written in the stars It was meant to happen We will never be It was already written Even God told us He never means it Time to face what we should be It was already written It was already written It was already written Feel like I heard this song before It was so easy to remember everything go wrong Sad just say that is all I hope I'm the man who near you is hanging on the door I the damage is done But the damage is done Let's pick up the pieces This love has deceased And now is time to move on But I must admit that I'm shot Is it easy ohohh It was already written in the stars It was meant to happen We will never be It was already written Even God told us He never means it Time to face what we should be It was already written It was already written Hey yeah It was already written The damage is done And now it's time to let my guard down So I let what our hole down You leave and you lie And I have thank you for this lesson It was already written in the stars It was meant to happen We will never be It was already written Even God told us He never means it Time to face what we should be Already written Already written And it's already written It's already written Already written 
All I need is a little love in my life All I need is a little love in the dark A little, but I'm hoping it might kick start Me and my broken heart  I need a little loving tonight Hold me so I'm not falling apart A little, but I'm hoping it might kick start Me and my broken heart, yeah  Shotgun, aimed at my heart, you got one Tear me apart and then some How do we call this love? I tried, to run away but your eyes Tell me to stay, oh why Why do we call this love?  It seems like we've been losing control Somebody tell me I'm not alone When I say,  All I need is a little love in my life All I need is a little love in the dark A little, but I'm hoping it might kick start Me and my broken heart  I need a little loving tonight Hold me so I'm not falling apart A little, but I'm hoping it might kick start Me and my broken heart  Maybe, some part of you just hates me You pick me and play me How do we call this love? One time, tell me you need me tonight To make it easy, you lie And say, "it's all for love"  It seems like we've been losing control Somebody tell me I'm not alone When I say,  All I need is a little love in my life All I need is a little love in the dark A little but I'm hoping it might kick start Me and my broken heart  I need a little loving tonight Hold me so I'm not falling apart A little but I'm hoping it might kick start Me and my broken heart  (Whoa, whoa) Me and my broken heart (Whoa, whoa) (Me and my broken...)  Yeah, yeah, yeah (Me and my broken...) Yeah, yeah, yeah (How do we call this love?)  It's just me It's just me It's just me Me and my broken heart  All I need is a little love in my life All I need is a little love in the dark A little, but I'm hoping it might kick start Me and my broken heart  I need a little loving tonight Hold me so I'm not falling apart A little, but I'm hoping it might kick start Me and my broken heart 
Can you see the injustice of war Can you see the bad side of law Oh lord can you show me the truth   After the fire - who really has won? Millions of victims, generations are gone Have died in fights - at night   Way in way out - burn liberty down Way in way out - burn liberty down Way in way out - don't take liberty down   When the countries fight over oil When politicians earn money through war All fights end before the year has passed   But when nobody sees the dollar notes rain They talk and wait and let the fighting remain Again, again, again and again   Way in way out - burn liberty down Way in way out - burn liberty down Way in way out - don't take liberty down   Victims of the bloodshed Fire in the sky Holy war... the answer I see no reason why Pictures of the wounded Screaming in my head No more - no war - see no reason why 
My new friends are looking out for me  And I'm doing just fine Everything is how it ought to be  But you know that's just a lie  I hear things are going well for you  You're out there having a blast But if it's somehow not ringing true Know that I still want you back  Home, won't you come home Back to the place where you belong I need you home So we're not alone And no one remembers who was wrong I don't care where you've gone  Just come back home  Now looking down this empty hallway You're still here in the frames I see your face on every stranger that walks by  And I swear I hear you call out my name  Home, won't you come home Back to the place where you belong I need you home So we're not alone And no one remembers who was wrong I don't care where you've gone  Just come back home  And now I've watched the leaves  Changing colors for second time Am I getting closer to you  Or am I running blind  I'm moving through our lives backwards  Just to meet you at the start I can't tell if I'm together  Or just falling back apart  Just falling back apart  Home, won't you come home Back to the place where you belong I need you home So we're not alone And no one remembers who was wrong Just come back  Home  Just come back  I don't know where you've gone  Just come back  Home 
People say we shouldn't be together We're too young to know about forever But I say they don't know What they're talk talk talking about  'Cause this love is only getting stronger So I don't want to wait any longer I just want to tell the world That you're mine, girl, oh  They don't know about the things we do They don't know about the "I love you"s But I bet you if they only knew They would just be jealous of us They don't know about the up all nights They don't know I've waited all my life Just to find a love that feels this right Baby they don't know about They don't know about us  One touch and I was a believer Every kiss, it gets a little sweeter  It's getting better Keeps getting better all the time, girl  They don't know about the things we do They don't know about the "I love you"s But I bet you if they only knew They would just be jealous of us They don't know about the up all nights They don't know I've waited all my life Just to find a love that feels this right Baby they don't know about They don't know about us  They don't know how special you are They don't know what you've done to my heart They can say anything they want 'Cause they don't know us  They don't know what we do best It's between me and you, our little secret But I want to tell 'em I want to tell the world that you're mine, girl  They don't know about the things we do They don't know about the "I love you"s (I love you!) But I bet you if they only knew (If they only knew) They would just be jealous of us (They would just be jealous of us) They don't know about the up all nights They don't know I've waited all my life Just to find a love that feels this right (Feels so right) Baby they don't know about They don't know about us  They don't know about the things we do (They don't know about us!) They don't know about the "I love you"s (They don't know about us!) But I bet you if they only knew They would just be jealous of us They don't know about the up all nights They don't know I've waited all my life Just to find a love that feels this right Baby they don't know about They don't know about us  They don't know about us 
Summer comes, winter fades Here we are just the same Don't need pressure, don't need change Let's not give the game away  There used to be an empty space A photograph without a face But with your presence and your grace Everything falls into place  Just please don't say you love me 'Cause I might not say it back Doesn't mean my heart stops skipping When you look at me like that There's no need to worry When you see just where we're at Just please don't say you love me 'Cause I might not say it back  Heavy words are hard to take Under pressure precious things can break And how we feel is hard to fake So let's not give the game away  Just please don't say you love me 'Cause I might not say it back Doesn't mean my heart stops skipping When you look at me like that There's no need to worry When you see just where we're at Just please don't say you love me 'Cause I might not say it back  Fools rush in And I've been the fool before This time I'm gonna slow it down 'Cause I think this could be more The thing I'm looking for  Just please don't say you love me 'Cause I might not say it back Doesn't mean my heart stops skipping When you look at me like that There's no need to worry When you see just where we're at Just please don't say you love me 'Cause I might not say it back  Just please don't say you love me 'Cause I might not say it back Doesn't mean my heart stops skipping When you look at me like that There's no need to worry When you see just where we're at Just please don't say you love me 'Cause I might not say it back  Just please don't say you love me 'Cause I might not say it back 
I am not the only traveler Who has not repaid his debt I've been searching for a trail to follow again Take me back to the night we met And then I can tell myself What the hell I'm supposed to do And then I can tell myself Not to ride along with you  I had all and then most of you Some and now none of you Take me back to the night we met  I don't know what I'm supposed to do Haunted by the ghost of you Take me back to the night we met When the night was full of terrors And your eyes were filled with tears When you had not touched me yet Take me back to the night we met  I had all and then most of you Some and now none of you Take me back to the night we met I don't know what I'm supposed to do Haunted by the ghost of you Take me back to the night we met 
Some things we don't talk about Rather do without, just hold a smile Falling in and out of love Ashamed and proud of Together all the while  You can never say never while we don't know it Time and time again Younger now then we were before Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go  Picture: you're the queen of everything As far as the eye can see, under your command I will be your guardian when all is crumbling I'll steady your hand  You can never say never while we don't know it Time, time and time again Younger now then we were before Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go  We're falling apart and coming together again and again We're coming apart but we pull it together Pull it together, together again  Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go Don't let me go 
If you called, and I didn't answer, There's a chance I'll get back to you But if you're bald, fat, and go where my pants were, Then you know I'm breeding for two  January twenty something, let 'em line up and slide away Someone dialed up my line today  This song was a fever-dream, First new year's greeting on my answering machine, A suicide note from my late-teens, Put to this melody  And now my bike tire's flat, I must have ran over some glass, in the dark Or it mighta got slashed, 'Cause I was messing around with someone's, ex-girlfriend, again January twenty something Let 'em line up and slide away 
How could you leave us so unexpected? We were waiting, we were waiting For you but you just left us We needed you, I needed you  Yo, I don't know what it's like to be addicted to pills But I do know what it's like to be a witness it kills Mama told me she love me, I'm thinking this isn't real I think of you when I get a whiff of that cigarette smell, yeah Welcome to the bottom of hell They say pain is a prison, let me out of my cell You say you proud of me, but you don't know me that well Sit in my room, tears running down my face and I yell Into my pillowcases, you say you coming to get us Then call 'em a minute later just to tell us you not, I'm humiliated I'm in a room with a parent that I don't barely know Some lady in the corner watching us, while she taking notes I don't get it mom, don't you want to watch your babies grow? I guess that pills are more important, all you have to say is no But you won't do it will you? You gon' keep popping till those pills kill you I know you gone but I can still feel you  Why would you leave us? Why would you leave us here? How could you leave us here? How would you leave us? Why would you leave us? Oh, Hey  I got this picture in my room and it kills me But I don't need a picture of my mom, I need the real thing Now a relationship is something we won't ever have Why do I feel like I lost something that I never had? You shoulda been there when I graduated Told me you love me and congratulations Instead you left us at the window waiting Where you at mom? We're too young to understand where you at huh? Yeah, I know those drugs got you held captive I can see it in your eyes, they got your mind captured Some say it's fun to get the high but I am not laughing What you don't realize and what you not grasping That I was nothing but a kid who couldn't understand I ain't gon' say that I forgive you cause it hasn't happened I thought that maybe I feel better as time passes If you really cared for me, then where you at then?  Why would you leave us? Why would you leave us? How could you leave us here? How would you leave us? Why would you leave us? Hey  Our last conversation, you were sat in the living room Talking 'bout my music and I brought you something to listen to You started crying, telling me this isn't you Couple weeks later, guess you were singing a different tune You took them pills for the last time, didn't you? They took you from us once, guess they came back to finish you Crying my eyes out in the studio is difficult Music is the only place that I can go to speak to you Took me everything inside of me to not scream at your funeral Sitting in my chair, that person talking was pitiful I wish you were here mama but every time I picture you All I feel is pain, I hate the way I remember you They found you on the floor, I could tell that you felt hollow Gave everything you had plus your life to them pill bottles You gave everything you had plus your life to them pill bottles Don't know if you hear me or not, but if you still watching ma  Why would you leave us? Why would you leave us? How could you leave us here? How would you leave us? Why would you leave us? Hey  Sometimes I think about like, sometimes I think about things like, you know, when I have kids, you won't be there, you know? You won't be there for any of that, I'll never get to see you again, sometimes I wish I would have just called you, I wish I would have just picked up the phone, wish you were here, I mean you should have been there for us, you should have been here, those pills got you, right? Them pills got you, right? I wish you were here 
What would I do without your smart mouth Drawing me in and you kicking me out? Got my head spinning, no kidding I can't pin you down  What's going on in that beautiful mind? I'm on your magical mystery ride And I'm so dizzy, don't know what hit me But I'll be alright  My head's underwater But I'm breathing fine You're crazy and I'm outta my mind  'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll gives my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning  'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh  How many times do I have to tell you Even when you're crying, you're beautiful too? The world is beating you down I'm around through every mood  You're my downfall, you're my muse My worst distraction, my rhythm and blues I can't stop singing This ringing in my head for you  My head's underwater But I'm breathing fine You're crazy and I'm out of my mind  'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning  'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all, all of you  Cards on the table We're both showing hearts Risking it all though it's hard  'Cause all of me loves all of you Love your curves and all your edges All your perfect imperfections Give your all to me, I'll give my all to you You're my end and my beginning Even when I lose, I'm winning  'Cause I give you all of me And you give me all of you, oh I give you all of me, yeah And you give me all of you, oh 
I've been seeking silver linings, feeling incomplete Singing, ""Oh, I wish it didn't taste so bittersweet"" So enamoured, stutter, stammered, oh, my voice was broke Like a poor man stood before the queen I tripped over my tongue before I spoke  And though I never said it with words There was love in the silence Even now after all of these years You're the light in my darkness  Used to share that feeling, dreaming Gazing at the bedroom ceiling Ooh, now I'm late, you wishing you'd come home  And though I never said it with words There was love in the silence Even now after all of these years You're the light in my darkness Darling, please, listen close and you'll hear There's still love in the silence Even now after all these long years I feel love in the quiet  Ooh, ooh Ooh, ooh  And though I never said it with words There was love in the silence Even now after all of these years You're the light in my darkness Darling, please, listen close and you'll hear There's still love in the silence Even now after all these long years I feel love in the quiet 
Today's the day I found myself alright When I look ahead, pretend it never came. I found a way to keep my head above But the hardest part is to say 'No it's not'  But I drove home when my mind turned off for once And its funny what you hear when you don't say a word  Well I'm okay, and I'm still breathing I'm still six feet over ground But you don't need to know now You don't need to know how I'm doing  Yesterday I told you I was down A stupid thing to tell you when I feel just fine And all your friends came fishing for a fire I come to you with words you know I'd never say  But I drove home when my mind turned off for once And its funny what you hear when you don't say a word  But I'm okay, and I'm still breathing I'm still six feet over ground But you don't need to know now You don't need to know how I'm doing  But I'm okay, and I'm still breathing I'm still six feet over ground But you don't need to know now Well you don't need to know how I'm doing  Cause you don't need to know now You don't need to know how I'm doing 
(Psycho Les) Man you lashed out Cause me and my niggaz throwing rocks at your glass house Put the trash out we coming to crash out Become a norious style pulling mats out Why you playin' now I'ma put the flame on you Ju got the canyon, Les the grenade launcher I blaze ghanga like Jamaicans in Kingston And shit on you and leave you stinkin Light a match  U don't want it don't want it  (Big Ju) I don't love hos who catch me on the Ave with a snub nose Late night ridin' a bike watchin for po po At a red light right in plain sight On a summer on the low on the dead night Y'all niggaz don't want it with us And they ain't really shit to discuss All that shit you be spittin', it's us Step to you with the steel out Juju ain't the type of cat you wanna feel out  (Chorus - Triple Seis) It's all you you can hate if you want (u don't want it) Beatnuts keep blazing the blunts (u don't want it) And beats banging the truck (u don't want it) Gettin' money worldwide we provide them up front (u don't want it) All you women in the club we know what you want (u don't want it)  (Pyscho Les) Catch you with the cross bow Right through your torso What you said (nuttin) thought so Pass by your crib riding a horse slow Just checkin' out the negocio Time to collect from the inner streets belly Nigga wanna come short like Joe Pesci Before I wack 'em I crack a cold pepsi Click back all leave the space messy  (Big Ju) Blowin' guns like Jesse Pulled my glock out who wanna test me I feel like the devil just possessed me Burn more weed, I'm moving at hyper speed Always carry two knives with me For y'all niggaz who be trying to hate You fucking fake man You know these are the records you be dyin' to make Think you're hot nigga yeah right Hot in the ass fuck around get shot in the ass  It's all you you can hate if you want (u don't want it) Beatnuts keep blazing the blunts (u don't want it) And beats banging the truck (u don't want it) Gettin' money worldwide we provide them up front (u don't want it) All you women in the club we know what you want (u don't want it)  This scene is getting ugly This scene is getting ugly  (Triple Seis) Yo it's my turn How many speak what they got Eat at the spot like Pac you could believe it or not In the streets in the drop you know my boys is hot We spit fireballs you heard my click got my thousand yours Hammer quipped we die for the strips defy the law We the squad that do the job and beat the charge A gold T with a old key will beat the job You never know when you're bout to go You never know when you're about to blow Niggaz get locked when the back is slow On my pops we gonna pop the Mo Pop the krizic cock is clicked Till Seis get killed by the apocalypse Ain't no stoppin' this We splurgin and mergin Icein up the verse so nice they call me surgeon Fuck what they heard twin We the truth smoke weed on the roof Puff live on the deuce get live off the 1-5-1 proof You never know this ain't a rapper bein phony With the white gold and big boulders and cuban zircony Frontin like you don't know me, homey  This scene is getting ugly  Yes indeed Triple Seis Yes indeed Juju Yes indeed 
You looked liked Pingu in the Igloo Your nose was cold, you showed me the icicle That you found, hanging from the roof  I remember your entrance to the room I was in and the Half pint glass you were holding, that made you look bigger than you were  You drew a charming stick man on my left hand And you told me not to wash it off. We loved you, we loved you. 
Oh, Willie was a wanton wag The blithest lad that e'er I saw He 'mang the lasses bure the brag  And carried aye the gree awa'  And was nae Willie weel worth goud  When seas did rowe and winds did blaw And battle's deadly stoure was blent  He fought the foremost o' them a'  Wha has nae heard o' Willie's fame The rose o' Britain's topmost bough Wha never stained his gallant name Nor turned his back on friend or foe  And he could tak' a ranting glass  And he could chant a cheery strain And he could kiss a bonnie lass  And aye be welcome back again  Though now he wears the British crown  For whilk he never cared a flee Yet still the downright honest tar The same kind-hearted chiel is he  And every night I fill my glass And fill it reaming to the brim And drink it in a glowing health  To Adie Laidlaw and to him  I've ae advice to gie my king And that I'll gie wi' right good-will Stick by the auld friends o' the crown  Wha bore it up through good and ill  For new-made friends and new-made laws They suit nae honest hearts ava And Royal Willie's worth I'll sing  As lang as I hae breath to draw 
Yeah Rest in peace to all the kids that lost their lives in the Parkland shooting This song is dedicated to you  Okay, she keep cryin', she keep cryin' every single night Day and night, on my mind, please don't kill the vibe Oh no, I swear to God, I be in my mind Swear I wouldn't die, yeah, we ain't gonna- Said I wouldn't die, yuh No, I'm not alright, yuh I might start a riot I'm so fuckin' tired So what's up? What you say? Feelin' good, I'm feelin' great Tired of the fuckin' hate Stackin' cheese all on my plate  So outside of my misery, I think I'll find A way of envisioning a better life For the rest of us, the rest of us There's hope for the rest of us, the rest of us  Okay, she keep cryin', she keep cryin' every single night Day and night, on my mind, please don't kill the vibe Oh no, I swear to God, I be in my mind Swear I wouldn't die, yeah, we ain't gonna- Said I wouldn't die, yuh No, I'm not alright, yuh I might start a riot I'm so fuckin' tired So what's up? What you say? Feelin' good, I'm feelin' great Tired of the fuckin' hate Stackin' cheese all on my plate 
I fought for you The hardest, it made me the strongest So tell me your secrets I just can't stand to see you leaving  But heaven couldn't wait for you No heaven couldn't wait for you Heaven couldn't wait for you No heaven couldn't wait for you So go on, go home  We laughed at the darkness So scared that we lost it We stood on the ceilings You showed me love was all you needed  But heaven couldn't wait for you No heaven couldn't wait for you Heaven couldn't wait for you No heaven couldn't wait for you So go on, go home  But heaven couldn't wait for you No heaven couldn't wait for you Heaven couldn't wait for you No heaven couldn't wait for you So go on, go home  So go on, go home  Padre Nuestro Queestas en el cielo Santificado sea tu Nombre Venga tu reino Hagase tu voluntad En la tierra como en el cielo Amen 
Take my mind and take my pain Like an empty bottle takes the rain And heal, heal, heal heal  And take my past and take my sins Like an empty sail takes the wind And heal, heal, heal heal  And tell me some things last And tell me some things last  Take my heart and take my hand Like an ocean takes the dirty sands And heal, heal, heal heal  Take my mind and take my pain Like an empty bottle takes the rain And heal, heal, heal heal  And tell me some things last (x4) 
And I've been looking for someone to put up with my bullshit I can't even leave my bedroom so I keep pouring And I have seen a lot of days since, well that's not important It's been long  And I was feeling Whitney, me and my homies zipped to Houston Cars and clothes thought I was winning, you knew I was losing You told me to wake up, oh my clock always stays on snooze and I'm done  To each their own and found peace in knowing Ain't always broken, but here's to hoping Show no emotion, against the cold And just act as hard as you can You don't need a friend, boy you're the man  And I've been looking for someone that I can buy my drugs from It seems like every plug we needs to Utah, became Mormons Drought comes around, feels like I have no one to depend on So what, ugh I had 80 beers on Tuesday night, I had nothing to do with it I put on a little Dwight and sang a happy tune and Lit a cigarette, stepped out the door, had an appearance Drank more  To each their own and found peace in knowing Ain't always broken, but here's to hoping Show no emotion, against the cold And just act as hard as you can You don't need a friend, boy you're the man 
When I was younger, I saw my daddy cry and curse at the wind He broke his own heart and I watched as he tried to reassemble it And my momma swore that she would never let herself forget And that was the day that I promised I'd never sing of love If it does not exist, but darling  You are the only exception You are the only exception You are the only exception You are the only exception  Well, maybe I know somewhere deep in my soul that love never lasts And we've got to find other ways to make it alone or keep a straight face And I've always lived like this, keeping a comfortable distance And up until now I had sworn to myself that I'm content with loneliness Because none of it was ever worth the risk  You are the only exception You are the only exception You are the only exception You are the only exception  I've got a tight grip on reality, but I can't Let go of what's in front of me here I know you're leaving in the morning when you wake up Leave me with some kind of proof it's not a dream, ohh  You are the only exception You are the only exception You are the only exception You are the only exception  You are the only exception You are the only exception You are the only exception You are the only exception  And I'm on my way to believing Oh, and I'm on my way to believing 
We clawed, we chained, our hearts in vain We jumped, never asking why We kissed, I fell under your spell A love no one could deny  Don't you ever say I just walked away I will always want you I can't live a lie, running for my life I will always want you  I came in like a wrecking ball I never hit so hard in love All I wanted was to break your walls All you ever did was wreck me Yeah, you, you wreck me  I put you high up in the sky And now, you're not coming down It slowly turned, you let me burn And now, we're ashes on the ground  Don't you ever say I just walked away I will always want you I can't live a lie, running for my life I will always want you  I came in like a wrecking ball I never hit so hard in love All I wanted was to break your walls All you ever did was wreck me  I came in like a wrecking ball Yeah, I just closed my eyes and swung Left me crashing in a blazing fall All you ever did was wreck me Yeah, you, you wreck me  I never meant to start a war I just wanted you to let me in And instead of using force I guess I should've let you win  I never meant to start a war I just wanted you to let me in I guess I should've let you win  Don't you ever say I just walked away I will always want you  I came in like a wrecking ball I never hit so hard in love All I wanted was to break your walls All you ever did was break me  I came in like a wrecking ball Yeah, I just closed my eyes and swung Left me crashing in a blazing fall All you ever did was wreck me Yeah, you, you wreck me Yeah, you, you wreck me 
When somebody loved me Everything was beautiful Every hour we spent together Lives within my heart  And when she was sad I was there to dry her tears And when she was happy so was I When she loved me  Through the summer and the fall We had each other, that was all Just she and I together Like it was meant to be  And when she was lonely I was there to comfort her And I knew that She loved me  So the years went by I stayed the same But she began to drift away I was left alone Still I waited for the day When she'd say "I will always love you"  Lonely and forgotten Never thought she'd look my way And she smiled at me and held me Just like she used to do Like she loved me When she loved me  When somebody loved me Everything was beautiful Every hour we spent together Lives within my heart When she loved me 
Putting my defenses up 'Cause I don't wanna fall in love If I ever did that I think I'd have a heart attack  Never put my love out on the line Never said yes to the right guy Never had trouble getting what I want But when it comes to you, I'm never good enough  When I don't care I can play 'em like a Ken doll Won't wash my hair Then make 'em bounce like a basketball  But you make me wanna act like a girl Paint my nails and wear high heels Yes, you Make so nervous that I just can't hold your hand  You make me glow But I cover up won't let it show So I'm putting my defenses up 'Cause I don't wanna fall in love  If I ever did that I think I'd have a heart attack I think I'd have a heart attack I think I'd have a heart attack  Never break a sweat for the other guys When ya come around I get paralyzed And every time I try to be myself It comes out wrong like a cry for help  It's just not fair Pain's more trouble than love is worth I gasp for air, It feels so good, but you know it hurts  But you  Make me wanna act like a girl Paint my nails and wear perfume For you,  Make me so nervous that I just can't hold your hand  You make me glow But I cover up won't let it show So I'm putting my defenses up 'Cause I don't wanna fall in love  If I ever did that I think I'd have a heart attack I think I'd have a heart attack I think I'd have a heart attack  The feelings got lost in my lungs They're burning, I'd rather be numb And there's no one else to blame So scared I take off and I run I'm flying too close to the sun And I burst into flames  You make me glow But I cover up won't let it show So I'm putting my defenses up 'Cause I don't wanna fall in love  If I ever did that I think I'd have a heart attack I think I'd have a heart attack I think I'd have a heart attack I think I'd have a heart attack I think I'd have a heart attack 
When did we lose our way? Is it when I've been gone? So many content than anybody Harder to let you go Call me when you made up your mind but you hope Caught up in a way that you paint my heart Only love could ever hurt this hard  Oh, don't be scared about it Do you forgive my spill? Do you remember the way it did you feel? Do you remember the things that let you feel?  How do I make you stay? When it's easier to let you go, Nobody knows what we know about it No one needs to know Call me when you made up your mind but you hope Caught up in a way that you paint my heart Only love could ever hurt this hard  Oh, don't be scared about it Do you forgive my spill? Do you remember the way it did you feel? Do you remember the things that let you feel?  When your life's to your limit You gave all your killing Who you're gonna pray to when you're there? When you find out that there ain't no other love No other love for you  Oh, don't be scared about it Do you forgive my spill? Do you remember the way it did you feel? Do you remember the things that let you feel? 
There's so much craziness, surrounding me There's so much going on, it gets hard to breathe When all my faith has gone, you bring it back to me You make it real for me  When I'm not sure of, my priorities When I've lost site of, where I'm meant to be Like holy water, washing over me You make it real for me  And I'm running to you baby You are the only one who saved me That's why I've been missing you lately Cause you make it real for me  When my head is strong, but my heart is weak I'm full of arrogance, and uncertainty When I can find the words, you teach my heart to speak You make it real for meee, yeaaa  And I'm running to you baby Cause you are the only one who saved me That's why I've been missing you lately Cause you make it real for me  Oh Everybody's talking in words I don't understand You got to be the only one Who knows just who I am You're shinin' in the distance I hope I can make it through Cause the only place That I want to be Is right back home with you  I guess there's so much more I have to learn But if you're here with me I know which way to turn You always give me somewhere, Somewhere I can run You make it real for me  And I'm running to you baby Cause you are the only one who saved me That's why I've been missing you lately Cause you make it real for me  You make it real for me 
Will you end my pain? Will you take my life? Will you bleed me out? Will you hang me out to dry? Will you take my soul in the midnight rain? While I'm falling apart While I'm going...  Will you end my pain? Will you take my life? Will you bleed me out? Will you hang me out to dry? Will you take my soul in the midnight rain? While I'm falling apart While I'm going... Insane  Can you break my bones? Will you tear my skin? Can you taste my lust? Can you feel my sin?  See I'm a waste of life I should just kill myself Yeah, I could slit my wrists But it really wouldn't help Wouldn't fix my issues Or change your mind 'Cause I broke your heart And you buried mine Now I'm 6 feet deep and I can't breathe I got dirt in my eyes And blood on my sleeves But I dig my way up Through these roots and leaves So I can get some air So I can finally breathe And now I'm on my knees Oh baby begging please... Will you... Will you...  Will you end my pain? Will you take my life? Will you bleed me out? Will you hang me out to dry? Will you take my soul in the midnight rain? While I'm falling apart While I'm going...  Will you end my pain? Will you take my life? Will you bleed me out? Will you hang me out to dry? Will you take my soul in the midnight rain? While I'm falling apart While I'm going... Insane  Don't you miss me when I'm gone 'Cause you're the fucking reason that I'm not around Don't you miss me when I'm, miss me when I'm gone 'Cause you're the fucking reason that I'm not around Fucking reason that I'm not around Bitch you're the fucking reason that I'm not around 
Your mouth is a revolver firing bullets in the sky. Your love is like a soldier, loyal till you die. And I've been looking at the stars for a long, long time. I've been putting out fires all my life. Everybody wants a flame, but they don't want to get burnt. And today is our turn.  Days like these lead to, nights like this leads to love like ours, You light the spark in my bonfire heart. People like us, we don't need that much. Just someone that starts, starts the spark in our bonfire hearts.  This world is getting colder. Strangers passing by. No one offers you a shoulder. No one looks you in the eye. But I've been looking at you for a long, long time. Just trying to break through, trying to make you mine. Everybody wants a flame, they don't want to get burnt Well today is our turn.  Days like these lead to nights like this leads to love like ours, You light a spark in my bonfire heart. People like us, we don't need that much. Just someone that starts, starts a spark in our bonfire hearts.  Hmm, our bonfire hearts Our bonfire hearts Uh, our bonfire hearts You light the spark  People like us, we don't need that much. Just someone that starts, starts a spark in our bonfire hearts.  Days like these lead to nights like this leads to love like ours, You light a spark in my bonfire heart. People like us, we don't need that much. Just someone that starts, starts a spark in our bonfire hearts. Our bonfire hearts  Days like these lead to nights like this leads to love like ours, You light a spark in my bonfire heart. People like us, we don't need that much. Just someone that starts, starts a spark in our bonfire hearts.  People like us, we don't need that much. Just someone that starts, starts a spark in our bonfire hearts. 
I'm holding on your rope Got me ten feet off the ground And I'm hearing what you say But I just can't make a sound  You tell me that you need me Then you go and cut me down, but wait You tell me that you're sorry Didn't think I'd turn around, and say  That it's too late to apologize, it's too late I said it's too late to apologize, it's too late  I'd take another chance Take a fall, take a shot for you And I need you like a heart needs a beat But it's nothing new, yeah  I loved you with a fire red Now it's turning blue, and you say Sorry like the angel heaven let me think was you But I'm afraid  It's too late to apologize, it's too late I said it's too late to apologize, it's too late  It's too late to apologize, it's too late I said it's too late to apologize, it's too late  I said it's too late to apologize, it's too late I said it's too late to apologize, it's too late  I'm holding on your rope Got me ten feet off the ground 
Leeaaann Fattest bag around, tell the law when I don't fuck with The saddest firm around, turn to dogs if they barkin' on me Bag filled with white life, let's throw it in the drawer, homie Leave my body in the night, wake up with some liquor on me Wake up with some liquor in me Wake up and the world is empty Wake up, bet my bag is empty Wake up, take a trip to Paris  Two dead rats and I see a gallon Got alotta shit in my bag like Santa Bitches see me, hoes gettin' tantrum Rockstar person, I'm like Marilyn Manson Dirt on my face, bitches think I'm handsome 18, but my money likes expansion Me and my boys, we just styled in Aspen After breakfast, people call us madmen I've always been this way and I call them hasbeens Never gave a fuck it's like it never mattered Accept the actions, forget the sad shit Blowin' smoke in your face, became a dragon Money in my right and my left hand Ridin' on a horse with a dead man Xans in my left hand  Leeaaann Fattest bag around, tell the law when I don't fuck with The saddest firm around, turn to dogs if they barkin' on me Bag filled with white life, let's throw it in the drawer, homie Leave my body in the night, wake up with some liquor on me Wake up with some liquor in me Wake up and the world is empty Wake up, bet my bag is empty Wake up, take a trip to Paris Fattest bag around, tell the law when I don't fuck with The saddest firm around, turn to dogs if they barkin' on me Bag filled with white life, let's throw it in the drawer, homie Leave my body in the night, wake up with some liquor on me Wake up with some liquor in me Wake up and the world is empty Wake up, bet my bag is empty Wake up, take a trip to Paris 
Ooh I fall apart Ooh yeah...  She told me that I'm not enough, yeah And she left me with a broken heart, yeah She fooled me twice and it's all my fault, yeah She cut too deep, now she left me scarred, yeah Now there's too many thoughts goin' through my brain, yeah And now I'm takin' these shots like it's novacane, yeah  Ooh, I fall apart Down to my core Ooh, I fall apart Down to my core Ooh, didn't know it before Surprised when you caught me off guard Hard as damn jewelry I bought You was my shorty, I thought  Never caught a feelin' this hard Harder than the liquor I pour Tell me you don't want me no more But I can't let go Everybody told me so Feelin' like I sold my soul Devil in the form of a whore Devil in the form of a whore You said it No you said it No you said it We'd be together  Ooh, I fall apart Down to my core Ooh, I fall apart Down to my core Ooh, didn't know it before Surprised when you caught me off guard Hard as damn jewelry I bought You was my shorty, I thought  Ice keep pourin' and the drink keep flowin' Try to brush it off but it keep on goin' Covered in scars and I can't help showin' Whippin' in the foreign and the tears keep blowin' Ice keep droppin' and the drink keep flowin' Try to brush it off but it keep on goin' All these scars, can't help showin' Whippin' in the foreign and the tears keep blowin', yeah  Ooh, I fall apart Down to my core Ooh, I fall apart Down to my core Ooh, didn't know it before Surprised when you caught me off guard Hard as damn jewelry I bought You was my shorty, I thought 
Where the fuck is a... (ay)  Cocaine for my breakfast (what?) Hold that pistol, ambidextrous, uh (yuh, yuh) Pussy boy talk reckless (ay) He might end up on a stretcher, uh (yuh, bitch) Fuck with my set (ay) You get wet, like a pussy, yuh (yuh, yuh) Sauce, what I spilled (yuh, yuh) On my kilt, she need milk, okay like... (ay, ay) XXX on a Killstreak, huh (bitch) You pussy niggas, Rice Krispie, uh (what?) Fuck a white bitch on a 6 speed (yuh) 6 stars like GTA, kill me, uh (fuck) It's more money I'm getting (ay) If a nigga tryna take, wig splitting 'em (ay) Shouts out to my Zoe, they killed my VRO (yuh, yuh) So, bitch, off rip now, I'm like... (ay)  Mama raised a soldier (huh, yuh) Not no bitch, not no bitch, yuh (yuh, what?) Mama raised a soldier (huh, yuh) Not no bitch, not no bitch, uh (yuh, ay) Mama raised a soldier (yuh, yuh) Not no bitch, not no bitch, uh (yuh, ay) Mama raised a soldier (yuh, what?) Not no bitch, not no bitch, yuh (huh) Mama raised a soldier (huh, yuh) Not no bitch, not no bitch, ay (yuh, okay, you alright?) R.I.P. my Zoe, ay (yuh, uh) R.I.P. my Zoe, okay (uh, yuh) R.I.P. my Zoe, ay (huh, yuh) R.I.P. my Zoe, okay (hey, al-alright?) R.I.P. my Zoe, yuh (yuh, yuh) R.I.P. my Zoe, okay (yuh, yuh) R.I.P my soul (Ay, my who?) Yuh (rest in peace, my soul, man) Ay (yuh, man)  TY, bitch I got my Andy Capp's on this bitch I'm 'bout to sip this motherfuckin' water That's not even water I stole that boy's shit (where the fuck is a...)  Came from the dirt, you can't hit my Purp Said my diamonds wetter than some sweat, absurd Gold up on my wrist's lookin' sunny, Big Bird Hit 'em with the, hit 'em with the numbers like a nerd Ay, let's slide sixth wall, I'm tied Call my pockets knotty 'cause they sloppy, oh, my I could be Xzibit, might pimp my ride Wet pleasure rather pay the Rafs, like Christ Hit my bitch like Bruno, uh Get a bitch wet, no Juno, uh Put it in her mouth like Uno, uh Chest, all Polo like "Kudos!", ay Dog-ass nigga like Cujo, uh Face card bad who you know, ay She all wet like fructose, ay Diamonds on like they cheat codes, ay 
Dark as midnight Six pack Coors Light You don't look the same  Past my bedtime Blue and red lights Come take you away  Hate to see you like a monster So I run and hide Hate to ask But what's it like To leave me behind  I won't be No I won't be like you Fighting back I'm fighting back the truth Eyes like yours can't look away But you can't stop DNA No you can't stop DNA  Twice a year You come in crashing Nice to see you too  Johnny Cash and backseat laughing Always ends too soon  Hate to say hello 'Cause I know that it means goodbye  Hate to ask But what's it like To leave me behind  I won't be No I won't be like you Fighting back I'm fighting back the truth Eyes like yours can't look away But you can't stop DNA No you can't stop DNA  Are the pieces of you In the pieces of me I'm just so scared You're who I'll be When I erupt  Just like you do They look at me Like I look at you  I won't be No I won't be like you Fighting back I'm fighting back the truth Eyes like yours can't look away But you can't stop DNA No you can't stop DNA 
There is a house built out of stone Wooden floors, walls and window sills Tables and chairs worn by all of the dust This is a place where I don't feel alone This is a place where I feel at home  And I built a home For you For me Until it disappeared From me From you  And now, it's time To leave and turn to dust  Out in the garden where we planted the seeds There is a tree as old as me Branches were sewn by the color of green Ground had arose and passed its knees  By the cracks of the skin I climbed to the top I climbed the tree to see the world When the gusts came around to blow me down Held on as tightly as you held onto me Held on as tightly as you held onto me  And I built a home For you For me Until it disappeared From me From you  And now, it's time To leave and turn to dust 
Yeah you! Yeah you!  I used to wanna be Living like there's only me And now I spend my time Thinking 'bout a way to get you off my mind (Yeah you!) I used to be so tough Never really gave enough And then you caught my eye Giving me the feeling of a lightning strike (Yeah you!)  Look at me now, I'm falling I can't even talk, still stuttering This ground of mine keeps shaking Oh oh oh, now!  All I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah Is somebody to you All I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah Is somebody to you  Everybody's trying to be a billionaire But every time I look at you I just don't care Cause all I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah Is somebody to you (Yeah you!)  I used to ride around I didn't wanna settle down But now I wake each day Looking for a way that I can see your face (Yeah you!) I've got your photograph But baby I need more than that I need to know your lips Nothing ever mattered to me more than this (Yeah you!)  Look at me now, I'm falling I can't even talk, still stuttering This ground of mine keeps shaking Oh oh oh, now!  All I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah Is somebody to you All I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah Is somebody to you  Everybody's trying to be a billionaire But every time I look at you I just don't care Cause all I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah Is somebody to you (Yeah you!)  Look at me now, I'm falling I can't even talk, still stuttering All I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah you!)  All I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah Is somebody to you All I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah Is somebody to you (Yeah you!)  All I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah Is somebody to you All I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah Is somebody to you (Yeah you!)  Everybody's trying to be a billionaire But every time I look at you I just don't care Cause all I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah Is somebody to you (Yeah you!)  Cause all I wanna be, yeah all I ever wanna be, yeah, yeah Is somebody to you (Yeah you!)  Yeah you! 
I used to love these sheets Dark hair against the white I missed watching you get dressed in our hazy bedroom light It took a couple weeks Last night I finally cried I remembered us in London, your chocolate covered eyes  Sick of staring up at the ceiling How'd you change your mind just like that? The only way to get past this feeling Is to tell myself you're not coming back  I don't wanna love you anymore I don't wanna love you anymore From the start, I never thought, I'd say this before But I don't wanna love you anymore  You got that letter framed Is it still up on that shelf? It's the one I left on our bed When you were out of town  Sick of staring up at the ceiling How'd you change your mind just like that? The only way to get past this feeling Is to tell myself you're not coming back  I don't wanna love you anymore I don't wanna love you anymore From the start, I never thought, I'd say this before But I don't wanna love you anymore I don't wanna love you anymore I don't wanna love you anymore I can't forget, the way it felt, when you walked out the door So I don't wanna love you anymore  Sometimes I just wanna talk for a minute But I can't bring myself to call Because I know that your heart's not really in it And whatever we had is gone Sometimes I just wanna talk for a minute But I can't bring myself to call Because I know that your heart's not really in it And whatever we had is gone  I don't wanna love you anymore I don't wanna love you anymore From the start, I never thought, I'd say this before But I don't wanna love you anymore I don't wanna love you anymore (talk for a minute) I don't wanna love you anymore I can't forget, the way it felt, when you walked out the door So I don't wanna love you anymore 
Looking from a window above It's like a story of love Can you hear me? Came back only yesterday I'm moving farther away Want you near me  All I needed was the love you gave All I needed for another day And all I ever knew Only you  Sometimes when I think of her name When it's only a game And I need you Listen to the words that you say It's getting harder to stay When I see you  All I needed was the love you gave All I needed for another day And all I ever knew Only you Only you, only you Only you, only you  This is gonna take a long time And I wonder what's mine Can't take no more Wonder if you'll understand It's just the touch of your hand Behind a closed door  And all I needed was the love you gave All I needed for another day And all I ever knew Only you All I needed was the love you gave All I needed for another day And all I ever knew Only you Only you 
I see you out in places Almost every night, my love Empty smiles and lonely faces... Leaning towards the glow of your light... Can't get enough Now me, I always wonder What's goin' on inside What's with that cover that you keep your heart under? Are you just draggin' it along for the ride? 'Cause if you were mine baby, baby I would give you the world There'd be no reason for you to keep hidin' You know I'll cherish your heart and soul Oh, if you were mine, yeah If you were mine I offer you the treasure Now baby won't you turn the key Can you deal with the pleasure Of the love that's burnin' in me? It's burnin' me Well every night is heaven When there's real love in your touch Darlin' I promise I can give you forever What would you do if I, if I loved you that much? I'd love you and cherish you Forever and a day And I'd give you everything that I am Baby, if you would just stay Oh baby, if you would just stay I'll cherish your heart and soul If you were mine 
(Mixing by OG Ron C)  (Yung Ro) You don't really want beef with us 'Cause we the only niggaz that's beatin' us Late night at my spot, we meetin up Either the block or the booth, we heat it up And I'ma heat it up, plus eat it up With my heater up, ready to heat it up Show me a mill and I'll eat it up Plus me and my niggaz can't eat enough And I'ma run this race till my features bust Overload the gas and mash, till I crash Or my meter bust I can see it, I'm goin', my meter's up My adrinaline pumpin, to feed the stuff But you're a female dog, and I don't feed the pup Matter of fact, I really don't need a pup Kick the ho out the door, and I receive a nutt You say me and what?? Him? wassup? Dawg I'm bout to EAT 'em up Naaaw I'm bout to BEAT 'em up But I don't wanna scuff my Fila's up Cut ya speakers up, till the tweaters bust Nobody language, we and us And I fuck with Nobody but We and us But y'all think Nobody means me and what? Look, 1, 2, 3, Noobooody! Who fuckin' wit us in this muthafucka? Noobooody! Put a hollow tip, put it in your boooody Flip my tongue, got 'em like - Oh Gaaaawdy He's on fire, look STOP Let me slow it down and change the flow Cause it really ain't no thang to roll Change the flow, 'cause I am the flow I AM the Ro, It's Cammron Ro In a land where No-Boooody lives You should see what goes in-siiide of here Alotta straight prayin', Alotta tears Get the fuck up outta here Nobody's allowed, and you off limits I spit the real, and you talk gimmick Some about cash, you about pennies I'm about women, cash, and checks Ass and sex, hash and wet, blastin Tecs You outta line, your rent is due, and you past the debt Math and sweat, grind on a everyday thing, way down in Tex And that's it, Naw nigga Cause even if I ran outta shit to say I just hit Cham on a 2-way And tell 'em to throw me click, Okay? (I'm ready) Y'all don't wanna see 'Ro come With four guns, then blow some One into no one, Nobody did it You can't find NO one A snitch, not even a bitch Cause soon as it's over, and court is ajurned WE - will go and find an Attorney And wet 'em up like a shern Sweet We don't turn cheeks, we burn beef Think about it, who really got beef? Messin with me, you get shot B NooBooody! Who got me? You don't want it with us! You don't want it with we! You don't want it with me! You don't want it with C  (D-Black) Shiiiiiit They don't want it with D Dash capital Black lettas You betta watch them cats in the back of us 'Cause we always keppin our gats with us They don't know Mista Maximus 'Cause if they did, then they wouldn't get out of line If it's plex, we'll get out the nine These cats must be out their mind Look at how we spit out this rhymes They don't wanna see black come With a black gun, when I clap one Into ya back son, cause Black's dumb Now that's done Cause you could get his with a hotshot to ya facial features So stay in ya place while I sip on a ?? and peep our prey like creatures Now I'm back with the glocks out Better cover your ears, 'cause we knock loud If we go, toe to toe, you get knocked out ??? You get blacked out Better watch out now, Cause nothin' says bustin' Like ??? cousin, gotta ounce on the stove and A key in the oven, these bitches be lovin' The way that we comin' If we peep then we bustin', No need for discussion I think that your bluffin, we keep the adrinaline rushin I ?? backwards, then I go backward 'Cause it's some serious fuckin' I could pull your bra without even tryin' And we can take flight, without flyin And we could cook chickens, without even fryin And we could shed tears, without even cryin Bitch, These ?? G's Recognize that Nobody is us We come with Nobody with us So you niggaz no it's Nobody but us  (Chamillionaire) Ay... I'm allergic to pussy ass niggaz And pussy ass niggaz always be the one tryin' to come around I'm not some kinda gynecologist So I'm not gunna sit, here and be dealin' with all you vagina's Allergic to niggaz who be thinkin' bout jackin Them be the main niggaz pullin up beside us Say 'Ro ah - ah - chu (gunshot) Hand me the gat and maybe that'll clear my sinus Can't see me, I promise It's kinda like ya eyes is, starrin' off into your eye lids Wannabe riots I don't see yo team, cause them niggaz be invisable as my smile is Nigga be quiet, My team we some grinders I'm the King, I'm ya highness Anything ya can think of, I'm probably the king of Like Krunk music and Lil'Jon is Playa I promise, You can search, but won't find it Around me, the sicker my rhyme is There's no minus ahead of what my mind is So tell yo mind, to get in line and stand behind his Here's put it on ya mind kids My lyrics bring violence, so please don't buy this Please don't try this at home, 'cause it's known To start cool and end up in three riots Nigga we giants There's nobody in here - YEP, Maaaan He get money Cause Nobody niggaz get leaves of Chronic What about Lew Hawk man? He's dishonest He probably got more speed then Sonic Ain't talkin' bout runnin' nigga, he will front it What about Twin? Too much weed in his stomach Nigga call on a hater, till he get hunted When the laws interrogate and ??? from em Runnin' with Nobody, how you seem 'em comin'? Nigga... Koop!  (OG Ron C scratches and mixes) 
Oh misty eye of the mountain below Keep careful watch of my brothers' souls And should the sky be filled with fire and smoke Keep watching over Durin's sons  If this is to end in fire then we shall all burn together Watch the flames climb high into the night Calling out father oh, stand by and we will Watch the flames burn auburn on the mountainside  And if we should die tonight, we should all die together Raise a glass of wine for the last time Calling out father oh, prepare as we will Watch the flames burn auburn on the mountainside Desolation comes upon the sky  Now I see fire Inside the mountain, I see fire Burning the trees And I see fire Hollowing soul I see fire Blood in the breeze And I hope that you remember me  Oh should my people fall then surely I'll do the same Confined in mountain halls, we got too close to the flame Calling out father oh, hold fast and we will Watch the flames burn auburn on the mountainside Desolation comes upon the sky  Now I see fire Inside the mountain I see fire Burning the trees And I see fire Hollowing soul I see fire Blood in the breeze And I hope that you remember me  And if the night is burning I will cover my eyes For if the dark returns then my brothers will die And as this sky is falling down, it crashed into this lonely town And with that shadow upon the ground I hear my people screaming out  And I see fire Inside the mountains I see fire Burning the trees I see fire Hollowing souls I see fire Blood in the breeze  I see fire Oh you know I saw a city burning (Fire) And I see fire Feel the heat upon my skin (Fire) And I see fire Oh (Fire) And I see fire burn auburn on the mountainside 
We were born on the night of Apocalypse We arrived here riding the light We dare the forces of creation We rule the world and the elements.  We bring war, death and destruction We change the course of time. We fight to free the human madness And let the metal rise.  Don't betray the faith or you'll have to pay We're the only ones that make you feel good. We break the laws that chain your mind We're the Evil Gods of immorality.  We're the Heavy Demons, Heavy Metal Demons You can't stop our Rock! Join the Heavy Demons, music fighting Demons 'Cause we want your Soul!  We're here to play that cursed music That parents and teachers love to hate We'll melt your brain with metal power That burns forever young.  When we're on stage we like to see Your young blood burst in flames. You know we take no prisoners We play and you must die!  We're the Heavy Demons, Heavy Metal Demons You can't stop our Rock! Join the Heavy Demons, music fighting Demons 'Cause we want your Soul! 
Tell me what you're feeling I can take the pain Tell me that you mean it That you won't leave again  Tell me what your heart wants Such a simple thing My heart is like paper Yours is like a flame  I can't make you see If you don't by now I'll get through these chains Somehow, somehow  Take it if you want it I'm so tired I just don't care Can't you see how much you hurt me? It's like I wasn't there  Tell me what your heart wants Such a simple thing My heart is like paper Yours is like a flame My heart is like paper Yours is like a flame  I can't make you see If you don't by now I'll get through these chains Somehow, somehow  Tell me what your heart wants Such a simple thing My heart is like paper Yours is like a flame My heart is like paper Yours is like a flame 
Mr. Know It All Well ya think you know it all But ya don't know a thing at all Ain't it, ain't it something y'all When somebody tells you something 'bout you Think that they know you more than you do So you take it down, another pill to swallow  Mr. Bring Me Down Well ya, ya like to bring me down don't ya But I ain't laying down, baby I ain't going down Can't nobody tell me how it's gonna be Nobody gonna make a fool out of me Baby you should know that I lead not follow  Oh, you think that you know me, know me That's why I'm leaving you lonely, lonely 'Cause baby you don't know a thing about me You don't know a thing about me  You ain't got the right to tell me When and where to go, no right to tell me Acting like you own me lately Yeah baby, you don't know a thing about me You don't know a thing about me  Mr. Play Your Games Only got yourself to blame When you want me back again But I ain't falling back again 'Cause I'm living my truth without your lies Let's be clear baby this is goodbye I ain't coming back tomorrow  Oh you think that you know me, know me That's why I'm leaving you lonely, lonely 'Cause baby you don't know a thing about me You don't know a thing about me  You ain't got the right to tell me When and where to go, no right to tell me Acting like you own me lately Yeah baby, you don't know a thing about me You don't know a thing about me  So what, you've got the world at your feet And you know everything about everything But you don't You still think I'm coming back but baby you'll see, yeah  Oh, you think that you know me, know me That's why I'm leaving you lonely, lonely (oh) 'Cause baby you don't know a thing about me You don't know a thing about me  You ain't got the right to tell me When and where to go, no right to tell me Acting like you own me lately Yeah baby, you don't know a thing about me You don't know a thing about me  Mr. Know It All Well ya, ya think you know it all But ya don't know a thing at all Yeah baby, you don't know a thing about me You don't know a thing about me 
Mustard on the beat ho  I was good on my own, that's the way it was, that's the way it was You was good on the low for a faded fuck, on some faded love Shit, what the fuck you complaining for? Feeling jaded huh? Used to trip off that shit I was kickin' to you Had some fun on the run though I give it to you  But baby, don't get it twisted You was just another nigga on the hit list Tryna fix your inner issues with a bad bitch Didn't they tell you that I was a savage Fuck your white horse and a carriage Bet you never could imagine Never told you you could have it  You needed me Ooh, you needed me To feel a little more, and give a little less Know you hate to confess But baby ooh, you needed me  You been rollin' around, shit I'm rollin' up Light and roll it up Break it down like a pound, shit was never us Shit was never us That's the real on the real, are you serious? How you feel, how you feel? Used to trip off that shit I was kickin' to ya Had some fun on the run though, I give it to ya  But baby, don't get it twisted You was just another nigga on the hit list Tryna fix your inner issues with a bad bitch Didn't they tell you that I was a savage Fuck your white horse and a carriage Bet you never could imagine Never told you you could have it  You needed me Ooh, you needed me To feel a little more, and give a little less Know you hate to confess But baby ooh, you needed me 
Just say the word We'll take on the world Just say you're hurt We'll face the worst, oh  I can see, see the pain in your eyes Oh believe, believe me and I have tried No I won't, I won't pretend to know what you've been through You should know, I wish it was me, not you  And just say the word We'll take on the world And just say you're hurt We'll face the worst  Nobody knows you the way that I know you Look in my eyes, I will never desert you And just say the word We'll take on the world  And it's the fight And the fight of our lives You and I We were made to thrive, oh yeah  And I am your future, I am your past Never forget, we were built to last Step out of the shadows and into my life Silence the voices that haunt you inside  And just say the word We'll take on the world And just say you're hurt We'll face the worst  Nobody knows you the way that I know you Look in my eyes, I will never desert you And just say the word We'll take on the world We'll take on the world  And nobody knows you The way that I know you And nobody knows you The way that I know you  We'll fight, we'll crawl into the night I won't let go with you by my side The calm, the storm, we'll face it all  And just say the word We'll take on the world  And nobody knows you the way that I know you Look in my eyes, I will never desert you And just say the word (just say the, just say the word) We'll take on the world We'll take on the world 
Started with phone conversations and I Flew out to see you, it's raining outside We sat by the water and talked about life Oh Said you lost your dad, girl I know how that feels I lost my mom, tryna deal with that still I guess we connect on our hatred for pills It's real  I got you on my mind, baby I got you on my mind, baby I got you on my mind, baby I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind I got you on my mind, baby I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind  You got me thinking things I never used to I'm not the phone type, I'd rather be with you Sometimes I hold back from saying, "I miss you" But I miss you I have to admit, on this road I get lonely But you make me smile every time that you call me You let me be myself You don't control me  I got you on my mind, baby I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind I got you on my mind, baby I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind I got you on my mind, baby I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind I got you on my mind, baby I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind  Laying in my bed, I'm just staring at the ceiling, baby I just wanna know if you feel what I'm feeling, baby Got you on my mind yeah, tell me what the deal is lately Yeah, deal is lately, deal is lately I'm a man of my word, girl believe that I'm a closed book but somehow you learn to read that Know that I should relax, hate the way I react Thinking that I'm good but you know I'm 'bout to relapse Thinking that I'm good but you know I'm 'bout to relapse Girl I wake up in the morning', all I can think of is you  I got you on my mind, baby I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind I got you on my mind, baby I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind I got you on my mind, baby I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind I got you on my mind, baby I got you on my mind, I got you on my mind 
Who are you? Forgive me, I'm hopeless with faces But you sing with a voice like I know you And suddenly I start to see So perfect and complex  Who are you? 'Cause just with a smile, I'm around you And I'll try my best like I know you Who are you? Who are you to me?  Who are you? Stood next to my friends, I should know you But given my luck, I'll run without thinking And fall without blinking an eye And I'm forced to bear witness Like a fool that's just waiting in line  Who are you? 'Cause I can't quite think like I used to And given my luck, I'll run without thinking And fall without blinking Who are you? 'Cause just with a smile, I'm around you And I'll try my best like I know you Who are you? Who are you to me? 
I don't know where I'm at I'm standing at the back And I'm tired of waiting Waiting here in line, hoping that I'll find what I've been chasing.  I shot for the sky I'm stuck on the ground So why do I try, I know I'm gonna to fall down I thought I could fly, so why did I drown? Never know why it's coming down, down, down.  Not ready to let go 'Cause then I'd never know What I could be missing But I'm missing way too much So when do I give up what I've been wishing for.  I shot for the sky I'm stuck on the ground So why do I try, I know I'm gonna to fall down I thought I could fly, so why did I drown? Never know why it's coming down, down, down. Oh I am going down, down, down Can't find another way around And I don't want to hear the sound, of losing what I never found.  I shot for the sky I'm stuck on the ground So why do I try, I know I'm gonna to fall down I thought I could fly, so why did I drown? I never know why it's coming down, down, down.  I shot for the sky I'm stuck on the ground So why do I try, I know I'm gonna to fall down I thought I could fly, so why did I drown? I never know why it's coming down, down, down. 
Feels like we're on the edge right now I wish that I could say I'm proud I'm sorry that I let you down Let you down All these voices in my head get loud I wish that I could shut them out I'm sorry that I let you down L-l-let you down  Yeah, I guess I'm a disappointment Doing everything I can, I don't wanna make you disappointed It's annoying I just wanna make you feel like everything I ever did wasn't ever tryna make an issue for you But I guess the more you Thought about everything, you were never even wrong in the first place, right? Yeah, I'ma just ignore you Walking towards you, with my head down lookin' at the ground, I'm embarrassed for you Paranoia, what did I do wrong this time? That's parents for you Very loyal? Shoulda had my back, but you put a knife into my hands before What else should I carry for you? I cared for you, but  Feels like we're on the edge right now I wish that I could say I'm proud I'm sorry that I let you down L-l-let you down All these voices in my head get loud I wish that I could shut them out I'm sorry that I let you down L-l-let you down  Yeah, you don't wanna make this work You just wanna make this worse Want me to listen to you But you don't ever hear my words You don't wanna know my hurt yet Let me guess, you want an apology, probably How can we keep going at a rate like this? We can't, so I guess I'ma have to leave Please don't come after me I just wanna be alone right now, I don't really wanna think at all Go ahead, just drink it off Both know you're gonna call tomorrow like nothing's wrong Ain't that what you always do? I feel like every time I talk to you, you're in an awful mood What else can I offer you? There's nothing left right now, I gave it all to you  Feels like we're on the edge right now I wish that I could say I'm proud I'm sorry that I let you down L-l-let you down All these voices in my head get loud I wish that I could shut them out I'm sorry that I let you down L-l-let you down  Yeah, don't talk down to me That's not gonna work now Packed all my clothes and I moved out I don't even wanna go to your house Every time I sit on that couch I feel like you lecture me Eventually, I bet that we Could have made this work And probably woulda figured things out But I guess I'm a letdown But it's cool, I checked out Oh, you wanna be friends now? Okay, let's put my fake face on and pretend now Sit around and talk about the good times That didn't even happen I mean, why are you laughing? Must have missed that joke Let me see if I can find a reaction No, but at least you're happy  Feels like we're on the edge right now I wish that I could say I'm proud I'm sorry that I let you down Oh, I let you down All these voices in my head get loud And I wish that I could shut them out I'm sorry that I let you down Oh, let you down  I'm sorry I'm so sorry now I'm sorry That I let you down 
Been in and out of love since I was nineteen Opening my heart has left a bloodstain And I don't know how to make a man stay Maybe I've been putting my heart out in the wrong way  And I'm bleeding I'm all right with it Darling, I'm all right with it I'm bleeding out But I'm all right with it Darling, I'm all right with it It's just a bloodstain  Thought I found the one when I was twenty-three And when it was done it nearly killed me I've got a little heart, not built for one night I give it all away even when I know it isn't right  And I'm bleeding I'm all right with it Darling, I'm all right with it I'm bleeding out But I'm all right with it Darling, I'm all right with it It's just a bloodstain  I'm gonna pull myself together Gonna wait till it's forever Gonna find someone who'll stay Who's not afraid of what I'm asking for I know love is never easy With this scar that's gonna leave me I would rather love and bleed than never feel love at all  And I'm bleeding I'm all right with it Darling, I'm all right with it And I'm bleeding out But I'm all right with it Darling, I'm all right with it It's just a bloodstain 
I'm not saying it was your fault Although you could have done more Oh you're so naive yet so  How could this be done You're such a smiling sweetheart Oh and your sweet and pretty face In such an ugly way Something so beautiful That every time I look inside  I know that she knows that I'm not fond of asking True or false it may be She's still out to get me  I know that she knows that I'm not fond of asking True or false it may be She's still out to get me  I may say it was your fault 'Cause I know you could have done more Oh you're so naive yet so  How could this be done By such a smiling sweetheart Oh and your sweet and pretty face In such an ugly way Something so beautiful Every time I look inside  I know that she knows that I'm not fond of asking True or false it may be She's still out to get me  I know that she knows that I'm not fond of asking True or false it may be She's still out to get me  Ooh...  So how could this be done By such a smiling sweetheart Oh you're so naive yet so  Such an ugly thing Someone so beautiful And every time you're on his side  I know she knows that I'm not fond of asking True or false it may be She's still out to get me  And I know she knows that I'm not fond of asking True or false it may be She's still out to get me  Just don't let me down Just don't let me down Hold on to your pride Just don't let me down Just don't let me down Hold on to your pride Just don't let me down Just don't let me down Hold on to this pride Just don't let me down Just don't let me down 
They tell you a good girl is quiet That you should never ask why Cause it only makes it harder to fit in You should be happy, excited Even if you're just invited Cause the winners need someone to clap for them  It's so hard just waiting In a line that never moves It's time you started making Your own rules  You gotta scream until there's nothing left With your last breath So here I am Here I am Make 'em listen Cause there is no way you'll be ignored Not anymore So here I am Here I am Here I am Here I am  You only get one life to work it So who cares if it's not perfect I say it's close enough to perfect for me Why should you hide from the thunder And the lightening that your under Cause there ain't nobody else you want to be  If how your living isn't working There's one thing that will help You gotta finally just stop searching To find yourself  You gotta scream until there's nothing left With your last breath So here I am Here I am Make 'em listen Cause there is no way you'll be ignored Not anymore So here I am Here I am Here I am  The world better make some room Yeah move over, over Cause your coming through Cause your coming through  You gotta scream until there's nothing left With your last breath Here I am Here I am Make 'em listen Cause there is no way you'll be ignored Not anymore So here I am Here I am Here I am Here I am Here I am 
I've waited a hundred years. But I'd wait a million more for you. Nothing prepared me for What the privilege of being yours would do.  If I had only felt the warmth within your touch, If I had only seen how you smile when you blush, Or how you curl your lip when you concentrate enough, I would have known what I was living for all along. What I've been living for.  Your love is my turning page, Where only the sweetest words remain. Every kiss is a cursive line, Every touch is a redefining phrase.  I surrender who I've been for who you are, For nothing makes me stronger than your fragile heart. If I had only felt how it feels to be yours, Well, I would have known what I've been living for all along. What I've been living for.  Though we're tethered to the story we must tell, When I saw you, well, I knew we'd tell it well. With a whisper, we will tame the vicious scenes. Like a feather bringing kingdoms to their knees 
Featuring: Aaron carter, backstreet boys, 'n sync, mr. president, 4 the cause, pappa bear, DJ bobo, sash, kisha, Squeezer, 2-4 family, andreas, biber, daniel hall, r'n'g  This goes out to all the children All over the world This is for the children Children of the world  Come a little closer now So you can see the children?s eyes There?s no use in trying When you?re dealing with the dying Let me just talk to you Hope that you believe it, too There?s so many ways of help Laughter you can bring  Come closer now See the children?s eyes You just have to give them a helping hand  With a little bit of love And a little bit of time You can help the children of the world  Just a little bit of love And a little bit of hope There?re a lot of things to do To help the children of the world  R?n?g is about to take control The only thing you got to do is set yourself free We got to help each other that?s how it has to be 2-4 fam. needs to bring a helping hand    Come a little closer now See it in their eyes We got to keep on trying To stop the children crying  Come closer now See the children?s eyes You just have to give them a helping hand  With a little bit of love And a little bit of time You can help the children of the world  Just a little bit of love And a little bit of hope There?re a lot of things to do To help the children of the world  We just have to understand They all need a helping hand With a little bit of love A little bit of love Lot of things to do Hope you know it, too We just want to give them a little hope  With a little bit of love And a little bit of time You can help the children of the world  Just a little bit of love And a little bit of hope There a lot of things to do To help the children of the world 
Tell me you ideals Tell me what you fought for You know what's fake and real You know, you should reborn This is your last journey To land of brave and free But will you fight forever To search integrity?    Will you burn in fire                     For your philosophy?                     Fear is your desire                     Or you too blind to see?                     You think of satisfaction                     What do you want from me?                     What is your religion?                     What have you done to me?  Maybe all you wanted Is to rebuild this world But look around and think that It sounds at least absurd The most who is around you Are locked inside themselves And there is no key that could Unlock their blinded souls  What is satisfaction In your imagine mind Won't you be afraid of That you could fall and die Without obvious reason Decision made, you in But is there who'll forgive you Unforgivable sin?  So here is your angel voice So here is your Blondie hair It's hard to make this choice Easier to live in air So be prepared for journey That is await of you So close your eyes and listen I'll tell you story too 
Late at night I start to think about the things I did wrong Late at night I start to think about the things I could have done To save us from him To save us from her To save us from the world  Late at night my tears start to melt my heart into gold Late at night the silver lining turns my heart into stone To save us from him To save us from her To save us from  Suddenly, my heart starts to feel Yeah my hearts start to feel My heart starts to feel like stone All around me silver and gold but my heart never heals My heart only feels like stone Ooh, like stone  Late at night when I'm at partys my gloom fills the room Late at night when I'm dancing with other girls I pretend it's you To save me from hurt To save me from hurt To save me from  Suddenly, my heart starts to feel Yeah my hearts start to feel My heart starts to feel like stone All around me silver and gold but my heart never heals My heart only feels like stone Suddenly my heart starts to feel Yeah my hearts start to feel My heart starts to feel like stone All around me silver and gold but my heart never heals My heart only feels like stone Ooh, like stone  I've tried my hardest I've tried my best But you just don't seem Satisfied And I'm here all alone tonight When I think of you I cry  Suddenly, my heart starts to feel Yeah my hearts start to feel My heart starts to feel like stone All around me silver and gold but my heart never heals My heart only feels like stone Suddenly, ooh, like stone All around me silver and gold but my heart never heals My heart only feels like stone  Late at night when I'm all alone I think of you... 
Huh? Ay You are now listening to a Bobby Johnson beat What? Yeah, ay, ay  Pop the trunk, I open up, I sold my soul for a good price Outta sight, and my hoe got talent, right? Whole squad ran through that shit, yikes Ay, I'm a business man, I did my business, damn But I'ma bend it down and I'ma lick her up, then dick her down She gon' turn around then I'm gon' kick her out She gon' talk that shit but say How you make it up? How you fake a love? Holy son, I was the chosen one I'm sippin' out the grail, she gon' kiss and tell She keep my wishes well (but) I don't need her, well How my enemy a friend of me? Why y'all feed off my energy? Like I ain't dead yet Higher entity, foreign bitch that think she into me Whip the foreign very viciously Why these dudes wanna take pics with me? She said she gay but still into me, said she gay but still into me Said that she hates that I'm in the streets And said that I hate that I'm in the streets I wanna blow up or make history And she said that she hate my Insta feed  Xans don't make you Xans gon' take you Xans gon' fake you And Xans gon' betray you Xans don't make you Xans gon' take you Xans gon' fake you Xans gon' betray you  And her pussy tastes like skittles, what? Yeah, ay, and you can really taste the rainbow, what? (hah, no) Yo' bitch just like a crayola (what, ay) You can draw her on the table, flip her like some yola Heart shaped kisses, I really miss my mistress 666, evil bitches want my mentions Heart shaped kisses, I really miss my mistress And it's 666, evil bitches want my mentions  Xans don't make you Xans gon' take you Xans gon' fake you And Xans gon' betray you Xans don't make you Xans gon' take you Xans gon' fake you Xans gon' betray you  Xans gon' fake you Xans gon' betray you Xans gon' take you Xans gon' betray you Xans gon' take you Xans gon' take you What, ay, what, ay Xans gon'-, xans gon' take you Yeah, Xans gon' Xans' gon take you Xans' gon take you 
You think you're missed, well, let me tell you this The love I felt for you has flown away And now you see what you've done to me So all I can ask is why, why-y you made us feel like one I should've known you were wrong  Oh yeah, you did it on your own, now you got to go Oh no, I won't let you get me down You tried to hurt my feelings, you stopped me dreaming But here I draw the line I wish you luck in life and goodbye  You let me think that you were so, so true Looks like truth can lie You want me to go from a high straight down to a low With all excuses, hear the reasons there, they're everywhere Chase your rainbows, can before, been chasing you for so long  Oh yeah, you did it on your own, now you got to go Oh no, I won't let you get me down You tried to hurt my feelings, you stopped me dreaming But here I draw the line I wish you luck in life and goodbye 
Tokyo city we're burned out Yoshi city we burn it down I guess it's my turn now Smoking loud, I'm a lonely cloud I'm a lonely cloud, with my windows down I'm a lonely, lonely I'm a lonely, lonely  Tokyo city we're burned out Yoshi city we burn it down I guess it's my turn now Smoking loud, I'm a lonely cloud I'm a lonely cloud, with my windows down I'm a lonely, lonely I'm a lonely, lonely  Be the only hope I got left Blessed without success Fuck stress I'm gonna trust the best I'm nervous that she's so upset She don't want me, bitch I'm flustered I'm an aristocrat without the progress Roses all on her wedding dress Blood from her mouth, I'm a mess Alien faces everywhere I go Downtown bitch that's where I smoke Got my heart next to my phone Do or die? Stupid high Lonely nights, finna sacrifice Fuck your life, I need mine I'll take yours and rewind Walk in my shoes you'll see why Fuck everyone, I don't reply Sad boys bitch, we world wide Grey sweatshirt, L size Wakizashi and grape Nikes Fuck norms, fuck a normal life Fuck norms, I'll break 'em out Yerno Blood, that's what I said Lean, lean, lean you got it in your head Like a disease you know I spread I can't sleep without you on my bed Yoshi city, that's the town All me, I came up now Sad boys, gonna burn it down Windows down, face out Squad out when we riding out We riding out  Tokyo city we're burned out Yoshi city we burn it down I guess it's my turn now Smoking loud, I'm a lonely cloud I'm a lonely cloud, with my windows down I'm a lonely, lonely I'm a lonely, lonely  Tokyo city we're burned out Yoshi city we burn it down I guess it's my turn now Smoking loud, I'm a lonely cloud I'm a lonely cloud, with my windows down I'm a lonely, lonely I'm a lonely, lonely  Tokyo city we're burned out Yoshi city we burn it down I guess it's my turn now Smoking loud, I'm a lonely cloud I'm a lonely cloud, with my windows down I'm a lonely, lonely I'm a lonely, lonely  Tokyo city we're burned out Yoshi city we burn it down I guess it's my turn now Smoking loud, I'm a lonely cloud I'm a lonely cloud, with my windows down I'm a lonely, lonely I'm a lonely, lonely  I'm a lonely, lonely I'm a lonely, lonely  I'm a lonely, lonely I'm a lonely, lonely 
Drink up, baby, stay up all night With the things you could do You won't but you might The potential you'll be that you'll never see The promises you'll only make  Drink up with me now and forget all about The pressure of days, do what I say And I'll make you okay and drive them away The images stuck in your head  People you've been before That you don't want around anymore They push and shove and won't bend to your will I'll keep them still  Drink up, baby, look at the stars I'll kiss you again, between the bars Where I'm seeing you there with your hands in the air Waiting to finally be caught  Drink up one more time and I'll make you mine Keep you apart, deep in my heart Separate from the rest, where I like you the best And keep the things you forgot  People you've been before That you don't want around anymore They push and shove and won't bend to your will I'll keep them still 
The dawn is breaking A light shining through You're barely waking And I'm tangled up in you Yeah  I'm open, you're closed Where I follow, you'll go I worry I won't see your face Light up again  Even the best fall down sometimes Even the wrong words seem to rhyme Out of the doubt that fills my mind I somehow find, you and I collide  I'm quiet, you know You make a first impression I've found I'm scared to know I'm always on your mind  Even the best fall down sometimes Even the stars refuse to shine Out of the back you fall in time I somehow find, you and I collide  Don't stop here I've lost my place I'm close behind  Even the best fall down sometimes Even the wrong words seem to rhyme Out of the doubt that fills your mind You finally find, you and I collide  You finally find  You and I collide You finally find You and I collide 
He'd trade his guns for love But he's caught in the crossfire And he keeps wakin' up But it's not to the sound of birds The tyranny, the violent streets Deprived of all that we're blessed with And we can't get enough, no  Heaven if you sent us down So we could build a playground For the sinners, to play as saints You'd be so proud of what we made I hope you got some beds around 'Cause you're the only refuge now For every mother, every child, every brother That's caught in the crossfire That's caught in the crossfire  I'd trade my love to know Why he's caught in the crossfire And I'm here wakin' up To the sun and the sound of birds Society's, anxiety Deprived of all that we're blessed with We just can't get enough, no  Heaven if you sent us down So we could build a playground For the sinners, to play as saints You'd be so proud of what we made I hope you got some beds around 'Cause you're the only refuge now For every mother, every child, every brother Who's caught in the crossfire Who's caught in the crossfire  Can I trust what I'm given? When faith still needs a gun Whose ammunition Justifies the wrong? And I can't see, from the backseat So I'm asking from above Can I trust what I'm given Even when it cuts?  So Heaven if you sent us down So we could build a playground For the sinners, to play as saints You'd be so proud of what we made I hope you got some beds around 'Cause you're the only refuge now For every mother, every child, every brother Who's caught in the crossfire Who's caught in the crossfire Who's caught in the crossfire Who's caught on the cross 
I don't wanna wake up I want you spread out on the sheets Said her pussy so good And her pussy so sweet I don't wanna wake up I want it flowing through my streams Getting me hot Under my feet I don't wanna wake up  Please don't wake me up, I feel it creeping (yeah) Controlling how you moving, lucid dreaming (dreams) Always on the side of different seasons, yeah, yeah Took the belt-way down to your hood Say you was in the crowd, I never looked Looking back how things came back around Guess I was hooked Burn the bread and then we burn the town We both was cooked, yeah Nah, nah, please don't wake me up, feel like I'm dreamin' Any given Sunday, you can get it, Willie Beamon I can make your Mondays even better like the weekend That's coco out my ice tea (coco, yeah, yeah) Bend her over for some piping (it's lit) Bust a cloud, shoot the lightning (pop it) Pop it now, no, we can't sleep  I don't wanna wake up (yeah) Want you spread out on the sheets (it's lit) Say, pussy so good (pop it) Oh, pussy so sweet (yeah) When I wake up (yeah, yeah) Wanna drop top on the beach (straight up) Getting me high, yeah (yeah) Under my feet When I wake up  You decide if I live or die When you're close, I'm alive, I can feel the sky I just want your body close to me (oh) And if I OD I'll be alone with no heartbeat I hold the hills with a coast in the Lambo And the doors going up, suicide  I don't wanna wake up (I don't wanna wake up) I want you spread out on the sheets (want you spread out on the sheets) 'Cause that pussy so good (pussy so good) Girl, that pussy so sweet (pussy so sweet) I don't wanna wake up (I don't wanna wake up) I want it flowing through my streams (want it flowing through my streams) Getting me hot (getting me hot) Under my feet (under my feet) I don't wanna wake up 
Young Thug Everything right Everything right Everything right Everything right All these niggas Everything right, you back in Givenchy I only drink Actavis, I'm on a diet I'ma chase it like Usain All this money bring a nigga new pain (woah, woah, woah) Yeah, yeah  I got at least 200 hoes Fresh to death, and I leave my current in a doze Up and down you ain't receive nothin' 'bout this dough And these hundreds ain't goin' nowhere like a moat  I bought my moms a car, it felt amazin' My niggas bangin' burgundy like the Redskins I got all type of tattoos on my fuckin' shin I was in a white and red Maybach like peppermints I've been blown a mil' on jewelry, but it's past tense Super charge it, make it sound like it's raggly I'm ridin' with the cutter, I'm Blood like my brothers, a MAC 10 Diamonds on me talkin', they harassin' No shoulda, coulda, woulda, I got these racks in Came a long way from a Chevy Now we spend millions on cribs You get somethin' too, don't trip My eyes 'bout low as a brim I smoke the tree limb, tree limb No gang, big deal  Future I'm tryna pop a wheelie in a Lamborghini standin' on two wheels I got the racks on me, now I can buy me a cruise ship I just got an iPhone 8 and already stored it with 200 hoes You can smell the money on me, it comes from off my clothes My Jordan fits, yeah, are never found in stores You might as well gon', gon', gon' home Money long, long, long, long All way up to Mercury Any time I come out, gotta step out with a three piece I've been in my bag lately, take three drugs at once lately Got every shade of Tom Ford, I can spot fugazi I came out the slums, I got Hermes in a headlock If she ain't up to par, she 'bout to get dead docked Between my diamonds and my fame, became so anxious I sit at the top of the throne, yeah, 'cause I'm righteous Got a few vice lords for some friends, some of 'em disciples And can't nothin' come between niggas like us  Young Thug I got at least 200 hoes Fresh to death, and I leave my current in a doze Up and down you ain't receive nothin' 'bout this dough And these hundreds ain't goin' nowhere like a moat 
(Black Thought) Uh huh Uh  And it weights a ton 'Riq geez motherfuckers I'm a son of a gun Black master of any trade under the sun Talk sharp like a razor blade under the tongue Clear my path and come get your captain hung Trying to breath like black'll collapse your lungs Young chump you could choke off the web I spun I done cleared 'em out from the threat I brung You done heard about what set I'm from My nigga, word-a-mouth little rule-a-thumb Y'all better bow down when the ruler come I'm a real hood nigga not a hood-a-lum The way Thought put it down be confusin' some of y'all Cats can't walk while chewin' your gum 'n' all With a keyboard got do with a drum 'n' all School 'em on stage like I'm doin' a seminar Professional type, I'm adjusting my mic Go to war kid I'll give you any weapon you like Give you something to run from Bust off your dum-dum Stop kid, that hot shit you know where it come from It's philly world-wide phenomenon And reinforcin' that shit is my 9-to-5 And when I finish making you recognize I'm getin' at a couple civilized women that's tryin' to ride You were waitin' on the raw to come off the oil You wanna get the bitches up off the wall Just to see you smile and enjoy yourself To keep you in health, this for all of y'all I'm quick on the draw like Black McGraw And I can't tell what y'all cats rappin' for  My name 'riq geez and I'm back for more To get more chips than the corner store With a portrait of Malcolm X on the door While I'm eatin' MCs like a carnivore Matter fact, ease back 'fore you get harmed Ring the, warning horn when I'm gon' perform The first nigga that move, or disturb the goove I'm a have y'all flicks on the evening news Play y'all part - get on y'all P's and Q's And when y'all think Thought, be prepared to lose Bring money to spend and somebody to lend And some worthwhile money not twenties and tens Get took for your tuck right in front of your 'hens Who coulda help you nigga, not none of ya friends Because, I put a black fist under ya chin Have your physical remains found under the pen If I'm coming up in the place, I'm coming to win Wasn't in it for a minute, now I'm dumbin' again  'Riq geez ock, y'all can chat what y'all please Receive what I'm gonna give back to y'all please 'Cause y'all don't really wanna get clapped with all these My man, you can take your strap when y'all leave You see the squad come in the place, they all freeze Ice cold, with his mellow cool breeze MCs, never showed loyalty yet Kool Herc ain't never get a royalty check I do work, no question, and bomb your set I'm calm collect, sharp like my name Gillette RIP my man Gillette Until I touch the mic, y'all people ain't seen danger yet I'm a decorated vet, I regulate and wreck Never hesitated yet, I'm gettin' heavy weighted checks If you would dare ask if I'm dedicated - yes I spit, live rounds that would penetrate a vest Nigga, take ya seats I'm a demonstrate a test How to freak the beats, so gangsta fresh And it thump, from the east coast to Bangladesh Big bank, willy gank smoke the thing to death But hold tight, 'cause it's not over yet I don't even feel like I'm not sober yet And it ring like shots in the projects new year's eve And it ain't even October yet I'm a big bounty hunter like Boba Fett Y'all more shell shocked then a soldier get If the prize in my sights then I'm goin' for this Whoo whoo 'riq geez be the ultimate I'm the corporate, give me the bulk of this 'Riq set it on the magnetic ultra tip Get down how you 'posed to get I got nothing to lose, I'm a killer with no regrets I'm like young LL, 'cause I'm hard as hell Makin' niggaz screw face like Gargamel Now I'm all out on my own like Patty LaBelle Put the pimp game down on your mademoiselle  Keep the beat goin' Keep the beat goin' 
(*Talking*) I hear y'all talking, I know you trying too I know he don't wanna meet ya half way, and I know what happened after that But I think there's a way we can work it out, all we need is understanding You feel me we gon try to do that, understand come on Put your hands up uh-uh-uh, put your hands up my name Yung Ro man I'm one of the ones you know, come on If you feeling it like I'm feeling it right now, what I want you to do Put your hand up to the sky, and rock with me Yeah-yeah, come on listen up uh  (Yung Ro) Now you been crying all day, listen up you make up I know it wasn't your fault, you didn't wanna break up But you gotta wake up, and look at the picture You got dogs and hoes, ladies and real niggaz And who you'll end up with, shit you never will know But I gotta use my brain, to keep a lady from a hoe 'Cause if a hoe break my heart, I should of known she was fake Now if a lady cheat on me, then that was my mistake Cause a lady gon need a reason, but she'll go up your letter And if I'm off note, she deserves some'ing better 'Cause she's a lady, and that's hard to be And also hard to find, so I'm a D-O-G And honestly I feel bad, I broke a few hearts But this bullshit fame, just fucked me up from the start So if you love him just tell him, give him a kiss and a hug Cause even a dog, can't turn down unconditional love  (*Talking*) Understand that try to yeah, all we need is understanding you know I understand ladies, for real for real you know but look out On the real, I can't leave my dogs out you know Y'all fail to realize that y'all act understanding sometimes too So you know I'ma spit it from a man's point of view So don't hang up the phone just yet  (Yung Ro) Understanding, is something we both need Since we can't see eye to eye, nothing but drama we see It's not a happy home, it's too much pain and confusion Got wars going on in my head, and I'm losing So you and that bullshit you stressing, disappear I don't need it in my life, it's too real over here And I hope he make you happy, 'cause I see that I can't Your love ain't like mine I'm stressed, I see that you ain't You still doing you running with who, shit I don't know Letting time pass you up, living the life of a hoe And I know you was so guilty, kept your face disguised And when I kissed you swear to God, I could taste those lies So bitter so sweet, you a dangerous woman But I can't fuck with ya mama, cause you ain't never showed me nothing It was like murder she wrote, when she spoke up like I died Lord knows a nigga tried, help my understand why  (*Talking*) Yeah you know, understanding is a beautiful thang Ha at least when you got it, ha-ha but look out though man You're now in session with Yung Ro, Counselor Slow motion with me, yeah 
I'm so gone Anyone could see that I'm wasted You cut through And I just wanna know what's in your head  Write it on a piece of paper, honey Put it in my coat before I go Hidden in a place you know I'll find it Later when I'm sitting all alone  Let me in Everything starts at your skin, so new Your love's always finding me out Who am I kidding? If all my defenses come down, oh baby Will you lay it all on me now? Lay it all on me now Lay it all on me now Lay it all on me now  Snow comes down, everything is new and different I found you hidden in plain sight, why'd I take so long?  Write it on a piece of paper, honey Put it in my coat before I go  Let me in Everything starts at your skin, so new Your love's always finding me out Who am I kidding? If all my defenses come down, oh baby Will you lay it all on me now? Lay it all on me now Lay it all on me now Lay it all on me now Lay it all on me now  Your love's always finding me out Who am I kidding? If all my defenses come down, oh baby Will you lay it all on me now? Lay it all on me now Lay it all on me now Lay it all on me now Lay it all on me now 
I'm ready to go, I'm ready to go Can't do it alone, can't do it alone I'm ready to run through the heat of the sun Can't do it alone, can't do it alone I'm ready to fall, so tired of it all Down deep in a hole, can't do it alone I'm ready to climb this mountain inside Impossible heights  Said you'd always be my white blood Circulate the right love Giving me your white blood I need you right here with me Said you'd always be my white blood Elevate my soul above Giving me your white blood I need you right here with me, here with me  I'm ready to go, I'm ready to go Can't do it alone, can't do it alone I'm ready to run through the heat of the sun Can't do it alone, can't do it alone I'm ready to hope, swing me out of the low Wide awake in the glow, can't do it alone I'm ready to fly, uncover the light Impossible heights  Said you'd always be my white blood Circulate the right love Giving me your white blood I need you right here with me Said you'd always be my white blood Elevate my soul above Giving me your white blood I need you right here with me I need you right here with me, here with me  Said you'd always be my white blood Circulate the right love Giving me your white blood I need you right here with me Said you'd always be my white blood Elevate my soul above Giving me your white blood I need you right here with me I need you right here with me 
I stare at my reflection in the mirror Why am I doing this to myself? Losing my mind on a tiny error I nearly left the real me on the shelf No, no, no, no  Don't lose who you are in the blur of the stars Seeing is deceiving, dreaming is believing It's okay not to be okay Sometimes it's hard to follow your heart  Tears don't mean you're losing Everybody's bruising Just be true to who you are  Who you are, who you are, who you are Who you are, who you are, who you are Who you are, who you are, who you are Who you are, who you are  Brushing my hair, do I look perfect? I forgot what to do to fit the mold, yeah The more I try the less is working, yeah, yeah, yeah 'Cause everything inside me screams No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no  Don't lose who you are in the blur of the stars Seeing is deceiving, dreaming is believing It's okay not to be okay Sometimes it's hard, to follow your heart  But tears don't mean you're losing Everybody's bruising There's nothing wrong with who you are  Yes, no's, egos, fake shows, like boom Just go and leave me alone Real talk, real life, good luck, good night With a smile, that's my home, that's my home, no No, no, no, no, no, no, no  Don't lose who you are in the blur of the stars Seeing is deceiving, dreaming is believing It's okay not to be okay Sometimes it's hard to follow your heart  Tears don't mean you're losing Everybody's bruising Just be true to who you are Yeah, yeah, yeah 
As you walk through the shadow Feel your weight on solid ground As you tremble in the darkness In the midst of silent sounds As you search for your answer And no answer has been found May you stand, stand your ground  And when you come to the table To lay your burdens down As you wait upon the weary For whom no rest was found As you search for to lean on And find no friend around May you stand, stand your ground  And may you stand, stand your ground May you stand, stand your ground When the last step is before you And you feel like falling down May you stand, stand your ground  And as you kneel in the garden And no one is around As you raise your hands above you And from your lips cry out Oh Father forgive me For I could not see through my doubt May you stand, stand your ground  And may you stand, stand your ground May you stand, stand your ground When the last step is before you And your light is burning out May you stand, stand your ground Oh, may you stand, stand your ground yeah May you stand, stand your ground 
When you try your best but you don't succeed When you get what you want but not what you need When you feel so tired but you can't sleep Stuck in reverse  And the tears come streaming down your face When you lose something you can't replace When you love someone but it goes to waste Could it be worse?  Lights will guide you home And ignite your bones And I will try to fix you  And high up above or down below When you're too in love to let it go But if you never try you'll never know Just what you're worth  Lights will guide you home And ignite your bones And I will try to fix you  Tears stream down your face When you lose something you cannot replace Tears stream down your face And I...  Tears stream down your face I promise you I will learn from my mistakes Tears stream down your face And I...  Lights will guide you home And ignite your bones And I will try to fix you 
There is a house built out of stone Wooden floors, walls and window sills Tables and chairs worn by all of the dust This is a place where I don't feel alone This is a place where I feel at home  And I built a home For you For me Until it disappeared From me From you  And now, it's time To leave and turn to dust  Out in the garden where we planted the seeds There is a tree as old as me Branches were sewn by the color of green Ground had arose and passed its knees  By the cracks of the skin I climbed to the top I climbed the tree to see the world When the gusts came around to blow me down Held on as tightly as you held onto me Held on as tightly as you held onto me  And I built a home For you For me Until it disappeared From me From you  And now, it's time To leave and turn to dust 
Where have you been, my love? I've been right here waiting for you to wake up And how can you sleep knowing That you'd be much better off there with him And promising to never let me in  Don't swim Don't swim Don't swim  And I was better where I was miserable, why didn't you leave me there? And I love you, please don't go But don't you sit there looking like you know That I'm the one that kept you from your home  Don't go Don't go Don't go  Oh my love Tell him that you will meet him at ten Oh my love Just don't let me see him again I just don't think I can lie And not tear out both his eyes  Don't lie Don't lie Don't lie  Don't 
She's so fly look how she dress If I'ma say so myself I am impressed You know she got designer shoes With the matching purse Yeah shawty you did it, so where's the run Can I get a hand clap Can I get a hand clap Can I get a hand clap Can I get a hand clap from her She's so fun She deserves a round of applause  (Elijah King) She independent she got her own ...For all that money, she ain't to stay home My baby handle business and when are all alone She put it down for daddy until ...anymore All night, all night, all night girl This feeling's so right, so right, so right Knew we got a ... It's been my whole life... from my first time Anytime we ... she's so ...  She's so fly look how she dress If I'ma say so myself I am impressed You know she got designer shoes With the matching purse Yeah shawty you did it, so where's the run Can I get a hand clap Can I get a hand clap  Can I get a hand clap Can I get a hand clap from her She's so fun She deserves a round of applause  (T-Pain) ...Can I get a witness... never get this  But if you get ... the pictures I'ma have to catch you with the witness Deep inside into my mind all day So I can imagine ... gotta ...witness... blow me kisses But I can't go up it's like going down... ... But I don't need a ...  She's so fly look how she dress If I'ma say so myself I am impressed You know she got designer shoes With the matching purse Yeah shawty you did it, so where's the run Can I get a hand clap Can I get a hand clap Can I get a hand clap Can I get a hand clap from her She's so fun She deserves a round of applause  I know you know the feeling when the sexy girl goes walking by She turn so fly, put your hands up to the ceiling If you wanna take her home tonight, put it on the ...  She's so fly look how she dress If I'ma say so myself I am impressed You know she got designer shoes With the matching purse Yeah shawty you did it, so where's the run Can I get a hand clap Can I get a hand clap Can I get a hand clap Can I get a hand clap from her She's so fun She deserves a round of applause 
Going back to the corner where I first saw you Gonna camp in my sleeping bag, I'm not gonna move Got some words on cardboard, got your picture in my hand Saying if you see this girl, can you tell her where I am?  Some try to hand me money, they don't understand I'm not broke, I'm just a brokenhearted man I know it makes no sense, what else can I do? How can I move on when I'm still in love with you?  'Cause if one day you wake up and find that you're missing me And your heart starts to wonder where on this Earth I can be Thinking maybe you'd come back here to the place that we'd meet And you'd see me waiting for you on the corner of the street  So I'm not moving I'm not moving  Policeman says, "Son, you can't stay here." I said, "There's someone I'm waiting for if it's a day, a month, a year. Gotta stand my ground, even if it rains or snows. If she changes her mind, this is the first place she will go."  'Cause if one day you wake up and find that you're missing me And your heart starts to wonder where on this Earth I can be Thinking maybe you'd come back here to the place that we'd meet And you'd see me waiting for you on the corner of the street  So I'm not moving I'm not moving I'm not moving I'm not moving  People talk about the guy who's waiting on a girl Oh whoa There are no holes in his shoes but a big hole in his world  And maybe I'll get famous as the man who can't be moved And maybe you won't mean to but you'll see me on the news And you'll come running to the corner 'cause you'll know it's just for you I'm the man who can't be moved  I'm the man who can't be moved  'Cause if one day you wake up and find that you're missing me (find you're missing me) And your heart starts to wonder where on this Earth I can be (oh, where on earth I could be) Thinking maybe you'd come back here to the place that we'd meet (to the place that we'd meet) And you'd see me waiting for you on the corner of the street (on the corner of the street)  (So I'm not moving) 'Cause if one day you wake up and find that you're missing me (I'm not moving) And your heart starts to wonder where on this Earth I can be (I'm not moving) Thinking maybe you'd come back here to the place that we'd meet (I'm not moving) And you'd see me waiting for you on the corner of the street  Going back to the corner where I first saw you Gonna camp in my sleeping bag, I'm not gonna move 
Where is the moment when we needed the most? You kick up the leaves and the magic is lost Tell me your blue skies fade to grey Tell me your passion's gone away And I don't need no carrying on  You're standing in line just to hit a new low You're faking a smile with a coffee to go Tell me your life's been way off line You're falling to pieces every time And I don't need no carrying on  'Cause you had a bad day You're taking one down You sing a sad song  Just to turn it around  You say you don't know You tell me don't lie You work on a smile  And you go for a ride  You had a bad day The camera don't lie You're coming back down  And you really don't mind You had a bad day You had a bad day  Well, you need a blue sky holiday The point is they laugh at what you say And I don't need no carrying on  You had a bad day You're taking one down You sing a sad song  Just to turn it around  You say you don't know You tell me don't lie You work on a smile  And you go for a ride  You had a bad day The camera don't lie You're coming back down And you really don't mind You had a bad day Oh, a holiday  Sometimes the system goes on the blink And the whole thing turns out wrong You might not make it back and you know That you could be well oh that strong And I'm not wrong, yeah  So where is the passion when you need it the most? Oh, you and I You kick up the leaves and the magic is lost  'Cause you had a bad day You're taking one down You sing a sad song Just to turn it around  You say you don't know You tell me don't lie You work on a smile And you go for a ride  You had a bad day You've seen what you like And how does it feel for one more time You had a bad day You had a bad day  (A holiday) You had a bad day (A holiday) You had a bad day (A holiday) You had a bad day 
You've got a hold of me Don't even know your power I stand a hundred feet But I fall when I'm around you  Show me an open door Then you go and slam it on me I can't take anymore I'm saying baby  Please have mercy on me Take it easy on my heart Even though you don't mean to hurt me You keep tearing me apart Would you please have mercy, mercy on my heart Would you please have mercy, mercy on my heart  I'd drive through the night Just to be near you, baby Heart old and testified Tell me that I'm not crazy  I'm not asking for a lot Just that you're honest with me My pride is all I got I'm saying baby  Please have mercy on me Take it easy on my heart Even though you don't mean to hurt me You keep tearing me apart Would you please have mercy on me I'm a puppet on your string And even though you got good intentions I need you to set me free Would you please have mercy, mercy on my heart Would you please have mercy, mercy on my heart  Consuming all the air inside my lungs Ripping all the skin from off my bones I'm prepared to sacrifice my life I would gladly do it twice Consuming all the air inside my lungs Ripping all the skin from off my bones I'm prepared to sacrifice my life I would gladly do it twice  Please have mercy on me Take it easy on my heart Even though you don't mean to hurt me You keep tearing me apart Would you please have mercy on me I'm a puppet on your string And even though you got good intentions I need you to set me free  I'm begging you for mercy, mercy (On my heart)Begging you, begging you, please, baby I'm begging you for mercy, mercy Ooh, I'm begging you, I'm begging you 
Weeks on end, I'm on the road I start to lose my sense of home I should've called so many times But I, I just sat next to my phone  Just know it takes it for me To end this darling, oh  And I know you'll find someone who Gives you the time I didn't give to you I'm running low I'm sorry, but I have to go And maybe I will never feel You gave me something so real I'm running low I'm sorry, but I have to go  Thinking back to every night That we just laid there for a while And when I looked into your eyes I never thought I'd say goodbye  Just know it takes it from me To end this darling, oh  And I know you'll find someone who Gives you the time I didn't give to you I'm running low I'm sorry, but I have to go And maybe I will never feel You gave me something so real I'm running low I'm sorry, but I have to go  Just needed time to, to find my own But I promise someone will give you all you want Can give you all you need And you just gotta see I never meant to hurt you, no  And I know you'll find someone who Gives you the time I didn't give to you I'm running low I'm sorry, but I have to go And maybe I will never feel You gave me something so real I'm sorry, but I have to go 
When I needed you the most, I needed you When I needed you the most, I needed you, the most Now I won't be there to give you what you need Now I won't be there, no  Spent three whole days, on cocaine Haven't slept, awake, ain't eat a thing But you've been on my mind this whole time  And one of these things that you told me Is never forget, you'll never be lonely And I know that, and I know now Fact is...  When I needed you the most, I needed you When I needed you the most, I needed you, the most Now I won't be there to give you what you need Now I won't be there, no  You know this was never really about us And everything was always 'bout you You never knew a thing about trust And I knew everything about you, what's happening Three whole years, they can go by In a blink of an eye, and you won't know it, but What a damn waste of time  When I needed you the most, I needed you When I needed you the most, I needed you, the most Now I won't be there to give you what you need Now I won't be there, no  Spent three whole days, on cocaine Haven't slept, awake, ain't eat a thing But you've been on my mind this whole time  Tell you that you're doing it right when you're doing it wrong You're doing it right when you're doing it wrong I can't lie no more... Yeah... 
White lips, pale face, breathing in snowflakes Burnt lungs, sour taste Light's gone, day's end, struggling to pay rent Long nights, strange men  And they say she's in the Class A Team Stuck in her daydream, been this way since 18 But lately her face seems slowly sinking, wasting Crumbling like pastries, they scream The worst things in life come free to us  'Cause we're just under the upperhand And go mad for a couple grams And she don't want to go outside tonight  And in a pipe she flies to the motherland Or sells love to another man It's too cold outside for angels to fly Angels to fly  Ripped gloves, raincoat, tried to swim, stay afloat Dry house, wet clothes Loose change, bank notes, weary-eyed, dry throat Call girl, no phone  And they say she's in the Class A Team Stuck in her daydream, been this way since 18 But lately her face seems slowly sinking, wasting Crumbling like pastries, they scream The worst things in life come free to us  'Cause we're just under the upperhand And go mad for a couple grams But she don't want to go outside tonight  And in a pipe she flies to the motherland Sells love to another man It's too cold outside for angels to fly  An angel will die, covered in white Closed eye and hoping for a better life This time, we'll fade out tonight Straight down the line  And they say she's in the Class A Team Stuck in her daydream, been this way since 18 But lately her face seems slowly sinking, wasting Crumbling like pastries, they scream The worst things in life come free to us  And we're all under the upper hand Go mad for a couple grams And we don't want to go outside tonight  In a pipe, fly to the motherland Or sell love to another man It's too cold outside for angels to fly Angels to fly  To fly, fly For angels to fly To fly, to fly Angels to die 
Watching you watching YouTube in the dark The pasta is done, the spirits are a little low  Sometimes nothing really happens in a day Sometimes it grows, sometimes it wilts away  So I lie upon the bed, look at the stars So many lives and movements of the souls  Turn off the light Say good night, say good night 
If you're feeling down  Call on me  Hold on tight and baby don't let go  This too will pass  You've gotta believe in the power of love  So don't let go  Don't let go  So don't let go  Don't let go!  Sometimes life can drive you crazy  I know how hard that it can be  When the problems come together  It gets real hard to feel at ease  Someday, somewhere, somehow, I know  The love, you want, it will be there  Someday, somehow  It will come to you  If you're feeling down  Call on me  Hold on tight and baby don't let go  This too will pass  You've gotta believe in the power of love  So don't let go  Don't let go  So don't let go  Don't let go!  No I don't have all the answers  To the questions in your mind  All I know is that I love you  And your tears they will run dry  Someday, somewhere, somehow, I know  The love, you want, it will be there  Someday, somehow  It will come to you  If you're feeling down  Call on me  Hold on tight and baby don't let go  This too will pass  You've gotta believe in the power of love  So don't let go  Don't let go  So don't let go  Don't let go! 
Hey there, Mr. Tin Man You don't know how lucky you are You shouldn't spend your whole life wishin' For somethin' bound to fall apart Every time you're feelin' empty You better thank your lucky stars 'Cause if you ever felt one breaking You'd never want a heart  Hey there, Mr. Tin Man You don't know how lucky you are I've been on the road that you're on It didn't get me very far You ain't missing nothin' 'Cause love is so damn hard Take it from me, darling You don't want a heart  Hey there, Mr. Tin Man I'm glad we talked this out You can take mine if you want it It's in pieces now And by the way there, Mr. Tin Man If you don't mind the scars You give me your armor And you can have my heart 
Members Only, Volume... Volume 3 Uh  Won't fall my nigga, I slip not Won't fall my nigga, I slip not Won't fall my nigga, I slip not I won't be dead, misled ahead, I never break, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not Won't fall my nigga, I slip not, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not I won't be dead, misled ahead, I never break, uh  Lost in the pessimistic state of perception It's been hard to participate in natural instances And due to my history, I don't know what's next for me But keep my composure, fuck over anyone next to me If dean detriment told me love was for negligent Motherfuckers that can't seem to keep wearin' their head I'm not self-aware, I'm misled, I'm a hypocrite like the rest I will kill myself if it benefit all of my fucking friends I'm sorry mama, I didn't mean to fucking hurt you If I could test my worth, I'll show you heaven on this earth So if alive or in the dirt I swear to God, you'll be my first priority Before the hurt, that mean for better or for worse I said I didn't mean to fucking hurt you If I had to test my worth, I'll show you heaven on this earth So if alive or in the dirt I swear to God, you'll be my first priority Before the hurt, that mean for better or for worse I said  Won't fall my nigga, I slip not, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not I won't be dead, misled ahead, I never break, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not I won't be dead, misled ahead, I never break, uh  Through the soulless pit, I never slip, I get a grip My mind drift to a place, where the devil lives My soul rise to the sky, made of abyss With the evidence, that I made with the elements Fuck your settlement, let's settle this now We tearing it down, we make these incredible sounds We cherish them now The pain that was never announced, we singin' it out They look around confused like they ain't figure it out  Oh, you can't run away From everything you made You try to erase Memories will fade 
I always needed time on my own I never thought I'd Need you there when I cry  And the days feel like years when I'm alone And the bed where you lie Is made up on your side  When you walk away I count the steps that you take Do you see how much I need you right now?  When you're gone The pieces of my heart are missing you When you're gone The face I came to know is missing too  When you're gone All the words I need to hear To always get me through the day And make it okay, I miss you  I've never felt this way before Everything that I do Reminds me of you  And the clothes you left, they lie on the floor And they smell just like you I love the things that you do  When you walk away I count the steps that you take Do you see how much I need you right now?  When you're gone The pieces of my heart are missing you And when you're gone The face I came to know is missing too  And when you're gone All the words I need to hear To always get me through the day And make it okay, I miss you  We were made for each other Out here forever I know we were, Yeah-Yeah  And all I ever wanted was for you to know! Everything I do I'd give my heart and soul! I can hardly breathe I need to feel you here with me! Yeah-Eh!  When you're gone The pieces of my heart are missing you And when you're gone The face I came to know is missing too  And when you're gone All the words I need to hear Will always get me through the day And make it okay, I miss you, MMM 
Voices in your, voices in your, voices in your head Those who tryna drive you mad And make it all, make it all wild Wild Voices in your, voices in your, voices in your head Those who tryna drive you mad And make it all, make it all wild Wild  There's another mind deep in me Don't know what's gotten into me I've seen the other side plentifully 'Til the end I'll, 'til the end I'll fight There's another mind deep in me Don't know what's gotten into me I've seen the other side plentifully 'Til the end I'll, 'til the end I'll fight  Don't give up, don't give up Don't give up, don't give up Don't give up, don't give up Don't give up, don't give up Don't give up, don't give up Don't give up, don't give up Don't give up, don't give up Don't give up, don't give up 
And I got all the drugs in the world that you need We get high to pass time but bitch I ain't no fiend I got money on my mind, I be stacking my green Shawty said she like my style, I be dripping with ease Please don't send me naked pictures, I don't like to be teased Say she got that super soaker, well girl just let me see I ain't worried bout shit, these niggas ain't scaring me I was destined for this life, this is my destiny Friends wanna be friends when you doing the most How you tell me you my bro then you went out and told Niggas say they down to ride but be folding like clothes Purple hearts all on my garment, I ain't trusting a soul  I roll up the Mary Jane, no they can't feel my pain I'm still trapping everyday, I think I'm stuck in my ways If you looking for a handout get the fuck out my face I don't care about no friends because they all were just fake In my inbox like I owe you, I got this by myself I was broken down bad when you said you would help Now I'm up, they love to hate me, that's just bad for your health And she say she a college girl but left her books on the shelf She gon' fuck me like a porn star, a rock star Trying to skirt off in that fast car, like NASCAR Girl you know I got a cold heart If I would give it to you, would you tear that shit apart Red roses on my grave, bury me with art And with some Backwoods and a lighter just so I could spark Midnight rider, never put the car in park I'm shining bright just like a light 'cause I came from the dark I ain't never had nobody, put that on my mommy I might have to catch a body if you try to stop me She ride like a Kawasaki and she like it sloppy Oh you got a hotty body, come ride on my Johnny Imma go show you the wave, just give me some space Why you all up in my face like you need a taste Good designer on my waist, shooters keep the K I tell them boys to play it safe, don't lay in your grave I ain't never taking time off, I'm steady grinding I'm never lying, was never crying Take flights I'm flying, no you can't see me Say you need me but you deceive me  And I got all the drugs in the world that you need We get high to pass time but bitch I ain't no fiend I got money on my mind, I be stacking my green Shawty said she like my style, I be dripping with ease Please don't send me naked pictures, I don't like to be teased Say she got that super soaker, well girl just let me see I ain't worried bout shit, these niggas ain't scaring me I was destined for this life, this is my destiny Friends wanna be friends when you doing the most How you tell me you my bro then you went out and told Niggas say they down to ride but be folding like clothes Purple hearts all on my garment, I ain't trusting a soul  I ain't never forgotten, not a soul worth remembering Cause all these motherfuckers turn to foe when they envy So I don't talk, I work hard Cause you could be someone today and just be nobody tomorrow She said I'll never be shit but a god damn rock star That blunt ash on the floor Well she ain't that far off Said she ain't that far off Roll, smoke That's all we know Toke Took a drag out that wood now she goin' for my wood So we going to my hood Yeah she gonna get it good And she know who we are She want this rock star life and she said I'm going far And she off a bar And she can't feel her face no more Yeah she off a bar and she can't feel her face no more She said she can't feel her face no more 
You'll only see us in the back GothBoiClique, all black I knew love once, it's hard to forget I thought of you and nights spent When I'm backed against the wall I thought of her and highly 'Cause she answered when I called I want her to wanna hurt me And I miss 2013 love songs And I'm so lost, under club lights In the all black, GothBoiClique  GothBoi, I'm the one you can't avoid No choice, baby, I be makin' noise GothBoi, I'm the one you can't avoid No choice, no choice Lookin' for you in the back of the club Lookin' for her in the back of the club, fucked up Everybody know I numb it with the drugs Everybody know I numb it with the drugs  Fucked up in the back of the club Cast a sigil in the back of the club I got scars on me, no love Light a candle and I pray for Døves And you're fadin' away, like the pill under my tongue We seriously never even touched, it sucks I'ma put your name in my skin, mix the ink in my blood It's so fucked So tell me what is love If I ever had it, if I ever had it Did I really want it? And why can't I remember? I cannot remember I took the black two-seater when you pushed me away Into the dark, I only want what's best for you, baby I reach out to you, but slowly If there's passion there, then show me Fast, hard It's a slow drug And I swear that But it's true love These are true lines  Saw you in the back of the club again And we just started textin' again And now you sendin' pictures to my phone, like I just can't resist I'm tryin' not to let you feel missed (tryin' so hard) And now we're in the bar, like 6 PM And now we took a bottle to your bed Listenin' to Slowdive, eyes like so-so red And I can't stop starin' at the back of your neck And you think you can make me love again I swear that I will never feel a thing Hollow shell, quiet hell, but you're so into me Screamin', "Why don't you love me back?!" 'Cause it's GothBoiClique, 'til my lungs collapse  GothBoi, I'm the one you can't avoid No choice, baby, I be makin' noise GothBoi, I'm the one you can't avoid No choice, no choice Lookin' for you in the back of the club Lookin' for her in the back of the club, fucked up Everybody know I numb it with the drugs Everybody know I numb it with the drugs 
You called me out and taught me tough With love, with love You fought my flaws, my teeth, my claws With love, with love 'Cause every time I'm slipping away from myself You're the one that moves me like nobody else  'Cause when I'm down and I'm done And I'm coming unplugged When I'm ready to fall You're the one always holding me up With love  Oh no no  Your tongue won't tie, you'll always find The truth yeah you do But still you smile despite the lines I drew for you  'Cause every time I'm slipping away from myself You're the one that moves me like nobody else. Oh no  'Cause when I'm down and I'm done And I'm coming unplugged When I'm ready to fall You're the one always holding me up With love  Love, Love, Love, Love  When I'm down, when I'm coming unplugged. no. (Oh) You're always there with love (Love) When I'm done, love When I'm out, when I fall You're always always always always there  When I'm down and I'm done And I'm coming unplugged When I'm ready to fall You're the one always holding me up  When I'm down and I'm done And I'm coming unplugged When I'm ready to fall You're the one always holding me up With love 
I can't believe I'm still doing this I told myself a month ago that I'd be through with this I'm looking at my phone, and wondering if you're home I'm kinda tipsy, I ain't tryna sleep alone Somebody told me that some other girl was hugging you Baby, you know I'm the one that should be loving you You know we had a thing, baby, it's such a shame I still get crazy every time I hear your name I know it's complicated But you know I'm impatient  Three AM, yup I'm texting you once again Even though I'm hanging with my friends I can't help it, I can't help myself, no Three AM, I might be looking for a late night friend And, baby, I can't get you out my head I can't help it, I can't help myself, no  Kinda stressing like I'm gonna have a heart attack It's been an hour and you haven't even hit me back Baby, keep it real, tell me what's the deal 'Cause I miss you, you don't know how this feels  I know it's complicated This always happens when I'm wasted  Three AM, yup I'm texting you once again Even though I'm hanging with my friends I can't help it, I can't help myself, no Three AM, I might be looking for a late night friend And, baby, I can't get you out my head I can't help it, I can't help myself, no  I know, I know, I know It's so wrong Somebody take away my phone 'Cause I've been drinking all night long All night long All night long I know, I know, I know It's so wrong Somebody take away my phone 'Cause I've been drinking all night long All night long All night long  Three AM, yup I'm texting you once again Even though I'm hanging with my friends I can't help it, I can't help myself, no Three AM, I might be looking for a late night friend And, baby, I can't get you out my head I can't help it, I can't help myself, no 
For all the times that you rained on my parade And all the clubs you get in using my name You think you broke my heart, oh girl for goodness sake You think I'm crying on my own, well I ain't  And I didn't wanna write a song 'cause I didn't want anyone thinking I still care I don't but, you still hit my phone up And baby I be movin' on and I think you should be somethin' I don't wanna hold back, maybe you should know that  My mama don't like you and she likes everyone And I never like to admit that I was wrong And I've been so caught up in my job, didn't see what's going on But now I know, I'm better sleeping on my own  'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself  But when you told me that you hated my friends The only problem was with you and not them And every time you told me my opinion was wrong And tried to make me forget where I came from  And I didn't wanna write a song 'cause I didn't want anyone thinking I still care I don't but, you still hit my phone up And baby I be movin' on and I think you should be somethin' I don't wanna hold back, maybe you should know that  My mama don't like you and she likes everyone And I never like to admit that I was wrong And I've been so caught up in my job, didn't see what's going on But now I know, I'm better sleeping on my own  'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself  For all the times that you made me feel small I fell in love, now I feel nothin' at all Had never felt so low when I was vulnerable Was I a fool to let you break down my walls?  'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself  'Cause if you like the way you look that much Oh baby, you should go and love yourself And if you think that I'm still holdin' on to somethin' You should go and love yourself 
Story of my life Searching for the right, But it keeps avoiding me Sorrow in my soul 'Cause it seems that wrong Really loves my company  He's more than a man And this is more than love The reason that the sky is blue The clouds are rolling in Because I'm gone again And to him I just can't be true  And I know that he knows I'm unfaithful And it kills him inside To know that I am happy with some other guy I can see him dying  I don't wanna do this anymore I don't wanna be the reason why Every time I walk out the door, I see him die a little more inside I don't wanna hurt him anymore I don't wanna take away his life I don't wanna be a murderer  I feel it in the air As I'm doing my hair Preparing for another date A kiss upon my cheek As he reluctantly Ask if I'm gonna be out late  I say I won't be long Just hanging with the girls A lie I didn't have to tell Because we both know Where I'm about to go And we know it very well  'Cause I know that he knows I'm unfaithful And it kills him inside To know that I am happy with some other guy I can see him dying  I don't wanna do this anymore I don't wanna be the reason why Every time I walk out the door, I see him die a little more inside I don't wanna hurt him anymore I don't wanna take away his life I don't wanna be a murderer  Our love, His trust. I might as well take a gun and put it to his head Get it over with I don't wanna do this, anymore Ooh. Anymore  I don't wanna do this anymore I don't wanna be the reason why Every time I walk out the door I see him die a little more inside I don't wanna hurt him anymore I don't wanna take away his life I don't wanna be a murderer  A murderer No, no, no Yeah, yeah, yeah 
Santana: If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song Oh oh, oh oh  Lord make me a rainbow I'll shine down on my mother She'll know I'm safe with you When she stands under my colors Oh well, life ain't always What you'd think it oughta be, no Ain't even grey but she buries her baby The sharp knife of a short life Well, I've had just enough time  If I die young, bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song The sharp knife of a short life Well, I've had just enough time  And I'll be wearing white When I come into your kingdom I'm as green as the ring On my little cold finger I've never known the lovin' of a man But it sure felt nice When he was holding my hand There's a boy here in town Says he'll love me forever Who would have thought Forever could be severed by  Santana with New Directions: The sharp knife of a short life  Santana (with New Directions): Well, I've had just enough (Time) Ooh yeah, ooh woah  So put on your best boys And I'll wear my pearls What I never did is done A penny for my thoughts Oh no, I'll sell them for a dollar They're worth so much more After I'm a goner And maybe then you'll hear The words I've been singing Funny when you're dead How people start listening  Oh, if I die young  Santana with New Directions: Bury me in satin Lay me down on a bed of roses Sink me in the river at dawn Send me away with the words of a love song  Santana (New Directions): Oh oh (Oh oh) The ballad of a dove (Oh oh) Go with peace and love  Santana with New Directions: Gather up your tears  Santana: Keep 'em in your pocket Save 'em for a time When you're really gonna need 'em, oh  Santana with New Directions: The sharp knife of a short life  Santana (with New Directions): Well I've had just enough (Time) So put on your best boys And I'll wear my pearls 
I can be tough, I can be strong But with you, it's not like that at all There's a girl that gives a shit Behind this wall, you just walk through it  And I remember all those crazy things you said You left them running through my head You're always there, you're everywhere But right now I wish you were here  All those crazy things we did Didn't think about it, just went with it You're always there, you're everywhere But right now I wish you were here  Damn, damn, damn What I'd do to have you here, here, here I wish you were here Damn, damn, damn What I'd do to have you near, near, near I wish you were here  I love the way you are It's who I am, don't have to try hard We always say, say it like it is And the truth is that I really miss  All those crazy things you said You left them running through my head You're always there, you're everywhere But right now I wish you were here  All those crazy things we did Didn't think about it, just went with it You're always there, you're everywhere But right now I wish you were here  Damn, damn, damn What I'd do to have you here, here, here I wish you were here Damn, damn, damn What I'd do to have you near, near, near I wish you were here  No, I don't wanna let go, I just wanna let you know That I never wanna let go, let go, oh, oh No, I don't wanna let go, I just wanna let you know That I never wanna let go, let go, let go, let go Let go, let go, let go, let go, let go, let go Let go, let go, let go  Damn, damn, damn What I'd do to have you here, here, here I wish you were here Damn, damn, damn What I'd do to have you near, near, near I wish you were here  Damn, damn, damn What I'd do to have you here, here, here I wish you were here Damn, damn, damn What I'd do to have you near, near, near I wish you were here 
Skies are crying, I am watching Catching teardrops in my hands Only silence as it's ending Like we never had a chance Do you have to make me feel like There's nothing left of me?  You can take everything I have You can break everything I am Like I'm made of glass Like I'm made of paper Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground Like a skyscraper, like a skyscraper  As the smoke clears, I awaken And untangle you from me Would it make you feel better To watch me while I bleed? All my windows still are broken But I'm standing on my feet  You can take everything I have You can break everything I am Like I'm made of glass Like I'm made of paper And go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground Like a skyscraper, like a skyscraper  Go run, run, run I'm gonna stay right here Watch you disappear, yeah oh Go run, run, run Yeah, it's a long way down But I am closer to the clouds up here  You can take everything I have You can break everything I am Like I'm made of glass Like I'm made of paper, oh woah Go on and try to tear me down I will be rising from the ground Like a skyscraper, like a skyscraper  Like a skyscraper Like a skyscraper Like a skyscraper 
I've been here all night, Ariana I've been here all day, Nicki Minaj And boy, got me walkin' side to side Let them hoes know  I'm talkin' to ya See you standing over there with your body Feeling like I wanna rock with your body And we don't gotta think 'bout nothin' ('bout nothin') I'm comin' at ya 'Cause I know you got a bad reputation Doesn't matter, 'cause you give me temptation And we don't gotta think 'bout nothin' ('bout nothin')  These friends keep talkin' way too much Say I should give you up Can't hear them no, 'cause I...  I've been here all night I've been here all day And boy, got me walkin' side to side I've been here all night I've been here all day And boy, got me walkin' side to side (side to side)  Been tryna hide it Baby what's it gonna hurt if they don't know? Makin' everybody think that we solo Just as long as you know you got me (you got me) And boy I got ya 'Cause tonight I'm making deals with the devil And I know it's gonna get me in trouble Just as long as you know you got me  These friends keep talkin' way too much Say I should give you up Can't hear them no, 'cause I...  I've been here all night I've been here all day And boy, got me walkin' side to side (side to side) I've been here all night (Been here all night, baby) I've been here all day (Been here all day, baby) And boy, got me walkin' side to side (side to side)  This the new style with the fresh type of flow Wrist icicle, ride dick bicycle Come true yo, get you this type of blow If you wanna menage I got a tricycle  All these bitches, flows is my mini-me Body smoking, so they call me young Nicki chimney Rappers in they feelings 'cause they feelin' me Uh, I-I give zero fucks and I got zero chill in me Kissing me, copped the blue box that say Tiffany Curry with the shot, just tell 'em to call me Stephanie Gun pop and I make my gum pop I'm the queen of rap, young Ariana run pop  These friends keep talkin' way too much Say I should give him up Can't hear them no, 'cause I...  I've been here all night I've been here all day And boy, got me walkin' side to side (side to side) I've been here all night (Been here all night baby) I've been here all day (Been here all day baby) Boy, got me walkin' side to side (side to side)  This the new style with the fresh type of flow Wrist icicle, ride dick bicycle Come true yo, get you this type of blow If you wanna menage I got a tricycle 
Thin light escapes We run fast and we wait All the time we wait, all the days we played  Somewhere there's a Sunday in the fall, Where you love is safe and warm, Where everything was right But I'm never goin' home  Midnight is long  The life I knew is gone There is nothing that I've ever seen Darker than it's ever been  Somewhere there's a Sunday in the fall, Where you love is safe and warm,  Where everything was right But I'm never goin' home  The Sun is gone The lights have gone to sleep I never knew the dark would be so deep Somewhere you are warm But I'm never goin' home  Somewhere there's a Sunday in the fall, Where you love is safe and warm, Where everything was right But I'm never goin' home 
Kyla Baby, I like your style!  Drake Grips on your waist Front way, back way You know that I don't play Streets not safe But I never run away Even when I'm away  Oti, oti There's never much love when we go OT I pray to make it back in one piece I pray, I pray  That's why I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me  I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me  Kyla Baby, I like your style!  Drake Strength and guidance All that I'm wishing for my friends Nobody makes it from my ends I had to bust up the silence  You know you gotta stick by me Soon as you see the text, reply me I don't wanna spend time fighting We've got no time  And that's why I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me  I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me  Wizkid Got a pretty girl and she love me long time Wine it, wine it, very long time Oh yeah, very long time Back up, back up, back up and wine it Back up, back up and wine it, girl Back up, back up, back up and wine it Oh yeah, very long time Back, up, back up and wine it, girl  Kyla Tell me I need to know, where do you wanna go? 'Cause if you're down, I'll take it slow Make you lose control  Kyla (Wizkid) Where, where, where Where, where, where, where  Oh yeah, very long time Where, where, where Back, up, back up and wine it, girl Where, where, where, where  'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and 'Cause if you're down Back up, back up and  Drake I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me  I need a one dance Got a Hennessy in my hand One more time 'fore I go Higher powers taking a hold on me 
Look at all the people looking at she Floating round the room like she's living on the TV We all end up watching her and then she thinks we're fans But she isn't even famous she just acts like we should kiss her ass She's so full of herself I'd like to thank her for the show And she'll thank the Academy For recognizing what she already knows Who can satisfy It's so hard to be society's dream You might hate the type But she amuses me Tell her you could have her and she might owe you a kiss She's another case of Leading Lady-itis Already talking to her is like talking to a wall Because she has so many day jobs, there's nothing really there at all Standing (standing) Waiting (waiting) Laughing (laughing) Fading (fading) Lady (lady) She waited too long And had to run home And hang up the phone Cause time is too expensive dear She's so full of herself (x 9) 
I thought I saw the devil, this morning Looking in the mirror, drop of rum on my tongue With the warning to help me see myself clearer I never meant to start a fire I never meant to make you bleed I'll be a better man today  I'll be good, I'll be good And I'll love the world, like I should Yeah, I'll be good, I'll be good For all of the times that I never could  My past has tasted bitter for years now So I wield an iron fist, grace is just a weakness Or so I've been told I've been cold, I've been merciless But the blood on my hands scares me to death Maybe I'm waking up today  I'll be good, I'll be good And I'll love the world, like I should I'll be good, I'll be good I'll be good, I'll be good  For all of the light that I shut out For all of the innocent things that I doubt For all of the bruises I've caused and the tears For all of the things that I've done all these years, no Yeah, for all of the sparks that I stomped out For all of the perfect things that I doubt  I'll be good, I'll be good And I'll love the world, like I should Yeah, I'll be good, I'll be good For all of the times I never could For all of the times I never could For all of the times I never could 
12 in the morning, pop shells for a living And berry gon' smell blood trail every minute Rogue wave on you niggas, no fail when I hit 'em Every time I see a pig, I don't hesitate to kill 'em Ain't nobody give a fuck about a rule Either get diplomas or a tool, I'ma cool with my youngins No bool when I'm sprayin', this K at you fuckas Fuck a gang affiliated with nothing but my name  Man, I don't give a fuck about a mothafuckin' po I'ma pull up with that stick and hit yo' motherfuckin' do' Man, I don't give a fuck about a mothafuckin' po I'ma pull up with that stick and hit yo' motherfuckin' do', yeah  People be starving And people be killing for food with that crack and that spoon But these rich mothafuckas they stay eatin' good Droppin' wage livin' good Holdin' steel Glocks, but you been a bitch, suck a thick cock Fuck a Crip walk, hit the strip like in Bangkok Never ever see me ever trip 'bout a lil broad See me on the TV screamin', "Bitch, you a damn fraud" And you don't wanna fuck with a chigga like me When I pull up in that Maserati Better duck 'fore ya brain splatter on the concrete I'ma hit you with that .45, bullet hit yo neck round the bow tie Lookin' like a thriller, film a bitch I'ma go right back with the clip and I know you be shakin' Don't test me or I might just click at yo noggin  Man, I don't give a fuck about a mothafuckin' po I'ma pull up with that stick and hit yo' motherfuckin' do' Man, I don't give a fuck about a mothafuckin' po I'ma pull up with that stick and hit yo' motherfuckin' do', yeah 
Let Italy boast of her gay gilded waters Her vines and her bowers and her soft sunny skies Her sons drinking love from the eyes of her daughters Where freedom expires amid softness and sighs  Scotland's blue mountains wild where hoary cliffs are piled Towering in grandeur are dearer tae me Land of the misty cloud land of the tempest loud Land of the brave and proud land of the free  Enthroned on the peak of her own highland mountains The spirit of Scotia reigns fearless and free Her green tartan waving o'er blue rock and fountain And proudly she sings looking over the sea  Here among my mountains wild I have serenely smiled When armies and empires against me were hurled Firm as my native rock I have withstood the shock Of England, of Denmark, or Rome and the world  But see how proudly her war steeds are prancing Deep groves of steel trodden down in their path The eyes of my sons like their bright swords are  Glancing Triumphantly riding through ruin and death  Bold hearts and nodding plumes wave o'er their bloody tombs Deep eyed in gore is the green tartan's wave Shivering are the ranks of steel dire is the horseman's wheel Victorious in battlefield Scotland the brave  Bold hearts and nodding plumes wave o'er their bloody tombs Deep eyed in gore is the green tartan's wave Shivering are the ranks of steel dire is the horseman's wheel  Victorious in battlefield Scotland the brave Victorious in battlefield Scotland the brave 
I drink good coffee every morning Comes from a place that's far away And when I'm done I feel like talking Without you here there is less to say  Don't want you thinking I'm unhappy What is closer to the truth If I lived till I was a hundred and two I just don't think I'll ever get over you  No longer moved to drink strong whiskey I shook the hand of time and I knew That if I lived till I could no longer climb my stairs I just don't think I'll ever get over you  A face that dances and it haunts me With laughter still ringin' in my ears I still find pieces of your presence here Even, even after all these years  I don't want you thinkin' that I don't get asked to dinner 'Cause I'm here to say that I sometimes do And even though I may seem to feel a touch of love I just don't think I'll ever get over you  If I lived till I was a hundred and two I just don't think I'll ever get over you 
The pain in my heart just won't end The words that I find just don't seem to compare Awaiting my death in the end Alone, I must seek out the end to begin So nobody wants death 'Cause nobody wants life to end I'm the only one stressed I'm the only one tired of having fake friends Put the noose on my neck And the hole in my back, again I've been waiting on death with a smile on my face This is the end Waste of tears Waste of years and months Faced my fears Loving her for once Hurt me Break my heart Worthless Can't keep love at all Turning, twist myself Worthless Can't keep love at all, at all 
Come, husk your limbs to my floor Bones sucking stones, her coming storm Under the lights you went Chemical ashes head down Heart on a diamond thread Fennel and lashes wet down Ouuuuh Ouuuuuuh X2 Young star, hanuted lynx Ring of silver om I want your bones inside my bones Under the lights we went Wearing our chimes we bled out Fennel and lashes wet Heart on a diamond thread now Your making me sweat, sweat, sweat my love down deep into your bones Your making me sweat, sweat, sweat my heart down deep into your soul I can't take it Ouuuuh Ouuuuuuh X4 Your making me sweat, sweat, sweat my love down deep into your bones Your making me sweat, sweat, sweat my heart down deep into your soul I can't take it, I can take it... 
Feeling like I'm breathing my last breath Feeling like I'm walking my last steps Look at all of these tears I've wept Look at all the promises that I've kept  I put my heart into your hands Here's my soul to keep I let you in with all that I can You're not hard to reach And you bless me with the best gift That I've ever known You give me purpose Yeah, you've given me purpose  Thinking my journey's come to an end Sending out a farewell to my friends, forever peace Ask you to forgive me for my sins, oh would you please? I'm more than grateful for the time we spent, my spirit's at ease  I put my heart into your hands Learn the lessons you teach No matter what, wherever I am You're not hard to reach And you've given me the best gift That I've ever known You give me purpose everyday You give me purpose in every way  Oh, you are my everything Oh, you are my everything  I don't know if this is wrong because someone else is telling me that it's wrong but I feel this so let me just like, try my best not to let this happen again. We weren't necessarily put in the best position to make the best decisions.  You can't be hard on yourself for these were the cards that you were given so you have to understand that these, like... that's not who you are. You're trying to be the best you can be but that's all you can do. If you don't give it all you got, you're only cheating yourself. Give it all you got, but if it ends up happening, it ends up happening.  That's what it's... that's what's happening with me. It's like God I'm giving it all I got, sometimes I'm weak and I'm gonna do it, and it's like I'm not giving myself grace, I'm just like understanding, that's just how it is. 
Come, let's watch the rain as it's falling down Now let's do this one for Peep Sunlight on your skin when I'm not around Shit don't feel the same when you're out of town So come, let's watch the rain as it's falling down, yeah  Come, let's watch the rain as it's falling down Sunlight on your skin when I'm not around Shit don't feel the same when you're out of town So come, let's watch the rain as it's falling down  Rain keeps falling, tears keep falling Rain keeps falling, tears keep falling Darling, your love is like walking a bed of nails And I just can't keep on fighting  Come, let's watch the rain as it's falling down Sunlight on your skin when I'm not around, yeah Shit don't feel the same when you're out of town So come, let's watch the rain as it's falling down  His name will live, brother No, I got-, I feel hella shitty because it's like, yo' Like, if I would have known he was so cool And it's like, yo', if I would have watched interviews sooner, bro', we were so alike It's unfortunate because it's like, yo', when people die, that's when you're there, you know? 'Cause your remorse kinda makes you check 'em out  Darling, your love is like walking a bed of nails And I just can't keep on fighting  Come, let's watch the rain as it's falling down Sunlight on your skin when I'm not around, yeah Shit don't feel the same when you're out of town So come, let's watch the rain as it's falling down 
Excuse me for a while While I'm wide eyed And I'm so damn caught in the middle I've excused you for a while While I'm wide eyed And I'm so down caught in the middle  And a lion, a lion roars Would you not listen? If a child, a child cries Would you not forgive them?  Yeah, man seem so strong Yeah, man speak so long Man never been so wrong  Yeah, man seem so strong Yeah, man speak so long Man never been so wrong  Excuse me for a while Turn a blind eye With a stare caught right in the middle Have you wondered for a while I have a feeling deep down You're caught in the middle  If a lion, a lion roars Would you not listen? If a child, a child cries Would you not forgive them?  Yeah, man seem so strong Yeah, man speak so long Man never been so wrong  Yeah, man seem so strong Yeah, man speak so long Man never been so wrong  Excuse me for a while While I'm wide-eyed And I'm so down caught in the middle Have you wondered for a while I have a feeling deep down You're caught in the middle  Yeah, man seem so strong Yeah, man speak so long Man never been so wrong  Yeah, man seem so strong Yeah, man speak so long Man never been so wrong 
Incompatible, it don't matter though 'Cause someone's bound to hear my cry Speak out if you do You're not easy to find  Is it possible Mr. Loveable Is already in my life? Right in front of me Or maybe you're in disguise  Who doesn't long for someone to hold Who knows how to love you without being told Somebody tell me why I'm on my own If there's a soulmate for everyone  Here we are again, circles never end How do I find the perfect fit There's enough for everyone But I'm still waiting in line  Who doesn't long for someone to hold Who knows how to love you without being told Somebody tell me why I'm on my own If there's a soulmate for everyone  If there's a soulmate for everyone  Most relationships seem so transitory They're all good but not the permanent one  Who doesn't long for someone to hold Who knows how to love you without being told Somebody tell me why I'm on my own If there's a soulmate for everyone  Who doesn't long for someone to hold Who knows how to love you without being told Somebody tell me why I'm on my own If there's a soulmate for everyone If there's a soulmate for everyone 
I'm lying in this hotel Cuddling up to the body pillow I'm trying not to call you 'Cause I don't want to miss you no more, oh  Every now and then I get a little lonely I can hold myself but no it's not the same thing Need to feel the pressure somewhere on my body, on my body, oh  'Cause sometimes All I wanna do is be touched All I wanna do is be loved All I wanna do is be touched So touch me So touch me So touch me  I can't get to sleep Damn oh damn I'm trying now Oh, I put on the TV right here Maybe it'll calm me down  Every now and then I get a little lonely I can hold myself but no it's not the same thing Need to feel the pressure somewhere on my body, on my body, oh  'Cause sometimes All I wanna do is be touched All I wanna do is be loved All I wanna do is be touched So touch me So touch me So touch me  All I want, all I want, all I want to do is be touched by you If you want, If you want, if you want it too tell me the truth All I want, all I want, all I want to do is be touched by you And if you want it too just touch me  'Cause sometimes All I wanna do is be touched All I wanna do is be loved All I wanna do is be touched (Oh, so touch me) 'Cause sometimes All I wanna do is be touched All I wanna do is be loved All I wanna do is be touched (So touch me) So touch me  Oh come closer baby Oh come closer baby Oh, come closer baby So touch me 
Look at my hands So so strong Look at my feet I won't run Look in my mind See my kind Look in my ears The musics clear  I can see your fear I see it nice and clear 
Duh, duh, duh Duh, duh, duh Duh, duh, duh, duh  Can't seem to explain a thing Going on in my head (on in my head) The memories seem to fade away With the thoughts in my head (the thoughts in my head) Run from different enemies And the thoughts in my head (thoughts in my head) Run from different enemies And the thoughts in my head, (thoughts, in my)  And where did you go as I slipped (as I slipped) I can't seem to get out my head (out my head) I went and I'll count the tears I shed (tears I shed, tears I) She sat there and watched as I bled  As I bled As I bled As I bled As I bled As I bled  And where did you go as I slipped (as I slipped) I can't seem to get out my head (out my head) And where did you go as I slipped (as I slipped) I can't seem to get out my head (out my head) 
Leiber-Stoller / Otis  I'm gonna find her, I'm gonna find her I'm gonna find her. Yeah, now searchin' Been searchin', searchin' every way which way oh yeah Oh Lord now searchin' (c'mon) yeah searchin' Whoa searchin' every way which way oh yeah I'm like that Northwest Mountie You know I'll bring her in someday (I'm gonna find her, I'm gonna find her)  Yeah now, if I have to swim a river, you know I will And if I have to climb a mountain, you know I will And if I had to up-a on a Blueberry Hill You know I'm gonna find that child  You know I will  'Cause I've been searchin' oh Lord now searchin' For goodness searchin' every way which way oh yeah I'm like the Northwest Mountie You know I'll bring her in someday (I'm gonna find her, I'm gonna find her)  Yeah well Sherlock Holmes and old Sam Spade They got and old Blackie Sergeant Friday Charlie Chan They got nothin' child on me 'Cause no matter where she hides Man she's gonna hear me comin' I'm gonna walk right down that street Just like a Bulldog Drummond  'Cause I've been searchin' oh Lord now searchin' For goodness searchin' every way which way oh yeah I'm like the Northwest Mountie You know I'll bring her in someday (I'm gonna find her) I've been searchin' Oh Lord now searchin' For goodness searchin'  So fine, so fine So fine yeah, my baby's so doggone fine She sends cold chills up and down my spine Oh oh, yeah yeah, so fine.  She thrills me, she thrills me She thrills me yeah, she thrills me come rain or shine She sends cold chills up and down my spine Oh oh, yeah yeah, so fine.  Well I know that she loves me so Well I know because my baby tells me so.  So fine, so fine So fine yeah, my baby's so doggone fine She sends cold chills up and down my spine Oh oh, yeah yeah, so fine.  So fine, so fine So fine yeah, my baby's so doggone fine She sends cold chills up and down my spine Oh oh, yeah yeah, so fine Oh oh, yeah yeah, so fine Oh oh, yeah yeah, so fine. 
Meet me there, bundles of flowers, we'll wait through the hours of cold  Winter Shall howl at the walls, tearing down doors of time   Shelter as we go  And promise me this; You'll wait for me only, scared of the lonely arms Surface, far below these words  And maybe, just maybe I'll come home  Who am I, darling, to you? Who am I? Going to tell you stories of mine Who am I? Who am I, darling, for you? Who am I? Could be a burden in time, lonely Who am I, to you? Who am I, darling, for you? Who am I? It'll be a burden Who am I, darling, to you? Who am I? I come alone here I come alone here 
Lately I've been thinkin', Thinkin' bout what we had, And I know it's hard, It was all that we knew  Have you been drinkin'? To take all the pain away, I wish that I could give you what you deserve  'Cause nothing can ever Ever replace you Nothing can make me feel like you do You'd know there's no one I can relate to I know we won't find a love that's so true  There's nothing like us There's nothing like you and me Together through the storms There's nothing like us There's nothing like you and me Together, mm  I gave you everything baby Everything I had to give Girl why would you push me away? Yeah Lost in confusion Like an illusion You know I'm used to making your day But that is the past now We didn't last now I guess that this is meant to be  Tell me, was it worth it? We were so perfect But baby I just want you to see  There's nothing like us There's nothing like you and me Together through the storms There's nothing like us There's nothing like you and me Together, mm  There's nothing like us There's nothing like you and me Together through the storms There's nothing like us There's nothing like you and me Together, oh 
I'll use you as a warning sign That if you talk enough sense then you'll lose your mind I'll use you as focal point So I don't lose sight of what I want I've moved further than I thought I could But I miss you more than I thought I would I'll use you as a warning sign That if you talk enough sense then you'll lose your mind  I found love where it wasn't supposed to be Right in front of me Talk some sense to me  I'll use you as a makeshift gauge Of how much to give and how much to take I'll use you as a warning sign That if you talk enough sense then you'll lose your mind  I found love where it wasn't supposed to be Right in front of me Talk some sense to me  I found love where it wasn't supposed to be Right in front of me Talk some sense to me 
I can't do this anymore, trying not to be ignored Put my pedal to the floor, I spread my wings I let them soar Let them soar-oar, let them soar  I can't do this anymore, yeah When it rains it really pours, yeah Like an eagle Imma soar, yeah Desert eagle let it roar, yeah Let it bang-bang, let it bang-bang Let it rang-sang, let it bang-gang Baby yes you're mine, baby yes you're fine When I'm on the road, do I cross your mind? When I'm on the road, baby yes come ride, yeah Let it bang for me, rang for me She let that shit sang for me, yeah She gon' let that shit bang for me yeah She gon' let that shit bang for me yeah She gon' let that shit bang for me yeah She gon' let that shit bang for me yeah Yeah let it bang for me, yeah let it bang for me Yeah let it bang for me, yeah let it bang for me Baby yes you're mine, baby yes you're fine When I'm on the road, do I cross your mind? When I'm on the road, baby yes come ride, yeah  New Chanel walkers, when I walked up in the room Maison Margiela, when I walked up in the room Bunch of dull smokers, when I walked up in the room Iced out motorola, when I walked up in the room Woadie with my chopper, talking down and boy you're doomed Used to want a 'rari, now I'm rich I bought a coupe Now I'm switching lanes and I never keep a roof You going out sad, all they do is laugh at you Now I gotta get it for my momma and my sisters And my nephews and my nieces love'em all Hope you niggas really ready for the fall When it all comes down, who can you call?  I can't do this anymore, yeah When it rains it really pours, yeah Like an eagle Imma soar, yeah Desert eagle let it roar, yeah Let it bang-bang, let it bang-bang Let it rang-sang, let it bang-gang Baby yes you're mine, baby yes you're fine When I'm on the road, do I cross your mind? When I'm on the road, baby yes come ride, yeah Let it bang for me, rang for me She let that shit sang for me, yeah She gon' let that shit bang for me yeah She gon' let that shit bang for me yeah She gon' let that shit bang for me yeah She gon' let that shit bang for me yeah Yeah let it bang for me, yeah let it bang for me Yeah let it bang for me, yeah let it bang for me 
I can't buy your love, don't even wanna try Sometimes the truth won't make you happy so I'm not gonna lie But don't ever question if my heart beats only for you It beats only for you  Know I'm far from perfect, nothing like your entourage I can't grant you any wishes, I won't promise you the stars But don't ever question if my heart beats only for you It beats only for you  'Cause when you've given up When no matter what you do, it's never good enough When you never thought that it could ever get this tough That's when you feel my kind of love  And when you're cryin' out When you've fallen and can't pick your head up off the ground When the friends you thought you had haven't stuck around That's when you feel my kind of love  You won't see me at the parties, I guess I'm just no fun I won't be turning up the radio singing, baby, you're the one But don't ever question if my heart beats only for you It beats only for you  I know sometimes I get angry and I say what I don't mean I know I keep my heart protected far away from my sleeve But don't ever question if my heart beats only for you It beats only for you  'Cause when you've given it up When no matter what you do, it's never good enough When you never thought that it could ever get this tough That's when you feel my kind of love  And when you're cryin' out When you've fallen and can't pick your head up off the ground When the friends you thought you had haven't stuck around That's when you feel my kind of love  'Cause when you've given it up When no matter what you do, it's never good enough When you never thought that it could ever get this tough That's when you feel my kind of love 
I know that we are upside down So hold your tongue and hear me out I know that we were made to break So what? I don't mind  You kill the lights, I'll draw the blinds Don't dull the sparkle in your eyes I know that we were made to break So what? I don't mind  Are you gonna stay the night? Are you gonna stay the night? Hoh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh Are you gonna stay the night?  Are you gonna stay the night? Doesn't mean we're bound for life So oh oh oh oh oh oh oh Are you gonna stay the night?  Are you gonna stay the night? Doesn't mean we're bound for life So oh oh oh oh oh oh oh Are you gonna stay the night?  I am a fire, you're gasoline Come pour yourself all over me We'll let this place go down in flames  Only one more time  You kill the lights, I'll draw the blinds Don't dull the sparkle in your eyes I know that we were made to break So what? I don't mind  Are you gonna stay the night? Are you gonna stay the night? Hoh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh Are you gonna stay the night?  Are you gonna stay the night? Doesn't mean we're bound for life So oh oh oh oh oh oh oh Are you gonna stay the night? (Night night night night night...)  Are you gonna stay the night?  Are you gonna stay the night? Doesn't mean we're bound for life So oh oh oh oh oh oh oh Are you gonna stay the night?  Are you gonna stay the night? Are you gonna stay the night? Hoh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh Are you gonna stay the night? 
A drop in the ocean, A change in the weather, I was praying that you and me might end up together. It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert, But I'm holding you closer than most, 'Cause you are my heaven.  I don't wanna waste the weekend, If you don't love me, pretend A few more hours, then it's time to go. And as my train rolls down the East coast, I wonder how you keep warm. It's too late to cry, too broken to move on.  Still I can't let you be, Most nights I hardly sleep. Don't take what you don't need, from me.  Just a drop in the ocean, A change in the weather, I was praying that you and me might end up together. It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert, But I'm holding you closer than most, 'Cause you are my heaven.  Misplaced trust and old friends, Never counting regrets, By the grace of God, I do not rest at all. And New England as the leaves change; The last excuse that I'll claim, I was a boy who loved a woman like a little girl.  Still I can't let you be, Most nights I hardly sleep, Don't take what you don't need, from me.  A drop in the ocean, A change in the weather, I was praying that you and me might end up together. It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert, But I'm holding you closer than most, 'Cause you are my  Heaven doesn't seem far away anymore no, no Heaven doesn't seem far away. Heaven doesn't seem far away anymore no, no Heaven doesn't seem far away.  Aooo Aooo  A drop in the ocean, A change in the weather, I was praying that you and me might end up together. It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert, But I'm holding you closer than most, 'Cause you are my heaven. You are my heaven 
The games you played were never fun You'd say you'd stay but then you'd run  Giving you what you're begging for Giving you what you say I need I don't want any settled scores I just want you to set me free Giving you what you're begging for Giving you what you say I need, say I need  I'm not afraid anymore What makes you sure you're all I need? Forget about it When you walk out the door and leave me torn You're teaching me to live without it Bored, I'm so bored, I'm so bored, so bored  I'm home alone, you're God knows where I hope you don't think that shit's fair  Giving you all you want and more Giving you every piece of me But I will never can afford I just want you to love for free Can't you see that I'm getting bored? Giving you every piece of me, piece of me  I'm not afraid anymore What makes you sure you're all I need? Forget about it When you walk out the door and leave me torn You're teaching me to live without it I'm so bored, I'm so bored, so bored  Giving you what you're begging for Giving you what you say I need I don't want any settled scores I just want you to set me free Giving you what you're begging for Giving you what you say I need, say I need  I'm not afraid anymore What makes you sure you're all I need? Forget about it And when you walk out the door and leave me torn You're teaching me to live without it 
Save me Save me Save me  Save me  You think I don't laugh oh Do things I can like so Why are we losing time? I don't want to get up oh Bring me what I need so Why are we losing time?  It's like I've seen the light But you have never known  Save me 
It's been seven whole days, seven whole days Since you paralyzed me Seven whole days, seven whole days Since you lost your fight  And I can't get the last words that you said Can't get those words out of my head Seven whole days, seven whole days and four words And I can't get away from the burning pain, I lie awake And the fallen hero hunts my thoughts How could you leave me this way?  It's been seven whole days Without your embrace I wanna see your face I got some things to say  Was just a week ago You said, I love you girl I said, I love you more Then a breath, a pause  You said If you say so, if you say so If you say so, if you say so  It's been seven whole days, seven whole days Since I heard the phone ring Seven whole days, seven whole days Since I heard your voice  And I can't get the last words that you said Can't get those words out of my head It's been seven whole days, seven whole days of pure hurt And I can't get away from the burning pain, I lie awake And the fallen hero hunts my thoughts How could you leave me this way?  It's been seven whole days Without your embrace I wanna see your face I got some things to say  Was just a week ago You said, I love you girl I said, I love you more Then a breath, a pause  You said If you say so, if you say so If you say so, if you say so  I can't believe it's true, I keep looking for you I check my phone and wait till I hear from you And the crowded room, the joker is so cruel And I'll never know if all I've been told Is just a lie, so bold, I thought we would grow old Mirrors in the smoke, left me here to choke  It's been seven whole days Without your embrace I wanna see your face I got some things to say  Was just a week ago You said, I love you girl I said, I love you more And then a breath, a pause  You said If you say so, if you say so If you say so, if you say so 
I think I, I think I finally found a way to forgive myself From mistakes I made in my past I think that's the first step, right? You agree?  I've dug two graves for us, my dear Can't pretend that I was perfect, leaving you in fear Oh man, what a world, the things I hear If I could act on my revenge, then, oh, would I? Some kill, some steal, some break your heart And you thought that I would let it go and let you walk Broken hearts, break bones, so break up fast And I don't wanna let it go, so in my grave I'll rot I've dug two graves for us, my dear Can't pretend that I was perfect, leaving you in fear Oh man, what a world, the things I hear If I could act on my revenge, then, oh, would I? Some kill, some steal, some break your heart And you thought that I would let it go and let you walk Broken hearts, break bones, so break up fast And I don't wanna let it go, so in my grave I'll rot  In my grave, I'll rot In my grave, I'll rot In my grave, I'll rot In my grave, I'll rot In my grave, I'll rot In my grave, I'll rot In my grave, I'll rot I'll rot, I'll rot, I'll rot Is my pain your freedom? Is all of my pain your freedom? Enjoy... 
Cheater, cheater, where'd you meet her Down at Earnie's bar? Did she smile and way twirl her hair and say How cute your dimples are?  Did she use that line your place or mine While you danced with her real slow? Now cheater, cheater where'd you meet That no good white trash ho?  Liar, liar, did you buy her whiskey all night long? Did you hide your ring in the pocket of your jeans Or did you just keep it on?  When the deed was done and you had your fun Did you think I wouldn't know? Now cheater, cheater where'd you meet That no good white trash ho?  Now I'm not one to judge someone That I ain't never met But to lay your hands on a married man's 'Bout as low as a gal can get  Hey, I wish her well as she rots in hell And you can tell her I said so Cheater, cheater where'd you meet That no good white trashed ho?  Loser, loser, hope you love her 'Cause your stuck with her now Take your sorry butt, load up all your stuff And get the hell out of my house  But I just wish you'd tell me This one thing before you go Now cheater, cheater where'd you meet That no good white trash ho?  Now cheater, cheater where'd you meet That low down up town, slept with every guy around Pressed on eye lash, no good white trash ho? 
It's a little bit funny, this feeling inside I'm not one of those who can easily hide I don't have much money, but boy if I did I'd buy a big house where we both could live  So excuse me forgetting, but these things I do See I've forgotten if they're green or they're blue Anyway the thing is what I really mean Yours are the sweetest eyes I've ever seen  And you can tell everybody this is your song It may be quite simple, but now that it's done I hope you don't mind, I hope you don't mind that I put down in words How wonderful life is now you're in the world  If I was a sculptor, but then again no Or a girl who makes potions in a traveling show I know it's not much, but it's the best I can do My gift is my song, and this one's for you  And you can tell everybody this is your song It may be quite simple, but now that it's done I hope you don't mind, I hope you don't mind that I put down in words How wonderful life is now you're in the world 
So your friends been telling me You've been sleeping with my sweater And that you can't stop missing me Bet my friends been telling you I'm not doing much better Because I'm missing half of me  And being here without you Is like I'm waking up to  Only half a blue sky Kinda there but not quite I'm walking around with just one shoe I'm a half a heart without you I'm half a man, at best With half an arrow in my chest I miss everything we do I'm half a heart without you  Forget all we said that night No it doesn't even matter 'Cause we both got split in two  If you could spare an hour or so We'll go for the lunch down by the river We could really talk it through  And being here without you Is like I'm waking up to  Only half a blue sky Kinda there but not quite I'm walking around with just one shoe I'm half a heart without you I'm half a man, at best With half an arrow in my chest 'Cause I miss everything we do I'm half a heart without you  Half a heart without you I'm half a heart without you  Though I try to get you out of my head The truth is I got lost without you And since then I've been waking up to  Only half a blue sky (Only half a blue sky) Kinda there but not quite I'm walking around with just one shoe I'm half a heart without you I'm half a man, at best (Half a man at best) With half an arrow in my chest I miss everything we do I'm half a heart without you  Without you, without you Half a heart without you Without you, without you I'm half a heart without you 
If I were a boy Even just for a day I'd roll out of bed in the morning And throw on what I wanted and go  Drink beer with the guys And chase after girls I'd kick it with who I wanted And I'd never get confronted for it 'Cause they'd stick up for me  If I were a boy I think I could understand How it feels to love a girl I swear I'd be a better man  I'd listen to her 'Cause I know how it hurts When you lose the one you wanted 'Cause he's taken you for granted And everything you had got destroyed  If I were a boy I would turn off the phone Tell everyone it's broken So they'd think that I was sleeping alone  I'd put myself first And make the rules as I go 'Cause I know that she'd be faithful Waiting for me to come home To come home  If I were a boy I think I could understand, oh, ooh How it feels to love a girl I swear I'd be a better man  I'd listen to her 'Cause I know how it hurts When you lose the one you wanted (you wanted) 'Cause he's taken you for granted (for granted) And everything you had got destroyed  It's a little too late for you to come back Say it's just a mistake, think I'd forgive you like that If you thought I would wait for you You thought wrong  But you're just a boy You don't understand (yeah, you don't understand, oh) How it feels to love a girl Someday you'll wish you were a better man  You don't listen to her You don't care how it hurts Until you lose the one you wanted 'Cause you've taken her for granted And everything that you had got destroyed  But you're just a boy 
In the night, I hear them talk, Coldest story ever told Somewhere far along the road you lost your soul To a woman so heartless... How could you be so heartless? Oh...  How could you be so, Cold as the winter wind when it breeze, yo? Just remember that you talkin' to me, though You need to watch the way you talkin' to me And now you wanna get me back and you gon' show me So you walk around like you don't know me You got a new friend, well I got homies And in the end, your still so lonely  In the night, I hear them talk, Coldest story ever told Somewhere far along the road you lost your soul To a woman so heartless... Oh... How could you be so heartless? Oh...  How could you be so Dr. Evil? You bringin' out a side of me that I don't know I decided we ain't gon' speak so Why we up 3 A.M. on the phone? Why does he be so mad at me fo'? Homie I don't know, He's hot and cold I won't stop, won't mess my groove up 'Cause I already know how it go  In the night, I hear them talk, Coldest story ever told Somewhere far along the road you lost your soul To a woman so heartless... Oh... How could you be so heartless? Oh...   I know you can't believe I could just leave it wrong I'm gon' take off tonight Into the night...  ...I hear 'em talk, Coldest story ever told Somewhere far along the road, you lost your soul To a woman so heartless... How could you be so heartless? Oh... How could you be so heartless? 
Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want!  Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want!  Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want!  Do you see what happens to people who betray me? Do not disobey! Do you see what happens to people who betray me? Do not disobey!  Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want!  Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want!  Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! Won't take your jewels anymore, what the fuck? You can have them all back if you want! 
You are the avalanche  One world away  My make believing  While I'm wide awake   Just a trick of light  To bring me back around again  Those wild eyes  A psychedelic silhouette   I never meant to fall for you but I  Was buried underneath and  All that I could see was white  My salvation  My, my  My salvation  My, my   You are the snowstorm  I'm purified  The darkest fairytale  In the dead of night   Let the band play out  As I'm making my way home again  Glorious we transcend  Into a psychedelic silhouette   I never meant to fall for you but I  Was buried underneath and  All that I could see was white  My salvation  My, my  My salvation  My, my  My salvation  My, my  My salvation  My, my   My salvation  My, my  My salvation  My, my  My salvation  My, my  My salvation  My, my 
Five, four, three, two, one Five, four, three, two, one  He holds the gun against my head I close my eyes and bang I am dead  I know he knows that he's killin' me for mercy And here I go And here I go  He holds my body in his arms He didn't mean to do no harm And he holds me tight He did it all to spare me from The awful things in life that comes And he cries and cries  I know he knows that he's killin' me for mercy And here I go And here I go  He holds my body in his arms He didn't mean to do no harm And he cries and cries He did it all to spare me from The awful things in life that comes And he cries and cries  Five, four, three, two, one Five, four, three, two, one Ah...  Five, four, three, two, one Five, four, three, two, one Five, four, three, two, one  The gun is gone And so am I And here I go 
(Feat. Stephen Marley)  (Mr. Cheeks) Aiyo my first thoughts was stop when my man left I started drinkin' more thinkin' of my man's death Then I thought he wouldn't want to see me crumble When he handed me the ball I promised I won't fumble And I won't, stood on the field implore the real These player haters hate so much now they resolve to kill Got your pictures it ain't the same without the laugh I pour liquor in the grass think about the past If there was no one I could speak with I could speak with you You knew all I was into what I've been through They couldn't fuck with us kid we was off da chain Blew the spot up when we came and got inside the game From street cats we brought it to the main stream It was an honor playin' with you on the same team Ya namely a very great deal to me Its only right I step it up you kept it real with me  (Chorus: Stephen Marley) And when that day comes were gonna be like every children And when that day comes everyone is gonna enjoy themselves  (Mr. Cheeks) Aiyo I'm thinkin' yous about to come through at any minute Bless your nigga on the track, put some flavor in it Just a thought, I'm knowin' that your not around Can't forget how we did it in and out of town Held it down, maintained, still inside the game Listen ever since you left it hasn't been the same Niggaz change, fam lookin' at me strange Was goin' on with cheeks peeps hating different things No doubt I'm hearing everything they say He don't live around they way, why should I stay? I play the hook but don't stay understand that Bein on the block ain't bringin' my man back Those who know me know me Straight love they show me, they can't hold me in the game Aiyo wassup with oby, maintain In talkin' to my lost souls see you when I get there meet you at the crossroads  And when that day comes is when I get a chance to tell you I love you And when that day comes we gonna be yeah yeah yeah yeah  (Mr. Cheeks) What went wrong all I know is that my man's one that made my mens strong On my own two I stand on Right along I think about how we were like the bomb Right before we perform let me write a song, How you used to do, represents all you knew Aiyo taliek 21 gun salute for you On top of losing you I lost you in the worst way Now that's some shit them niggaz killed you on my birthday Open presents nah said my nigga tai dead Celebrating birthdays with that shit in my head Think about the time when we would chill, Up in 1 and 2 in back in Richmond Hill Yeah that shit was real, us young niggaz growin' up Whoever thought we would start bubbling and blowin' up But we did, survived it all I wish you did, I could speak for all the boyz we miss you kid  (Chorus till end...) 
Every time that you get undressed I hear symphonies in my head I wrote this song just looking at you oh, oh Yet the drums they swing low And the trumpets they go  Da da, da ra ra da, da, da Da, ra, ra, ra, da, da Da da, da ra ra da, da, da Da, ra, ra, ra, da, da They go  Is it weird that I hear Violins whenever you're gone? Whenever you're gone Is it weird that your ass Remind me of a Kanye West song? Kanye West song Is it weird that I hear Trumpets when you're turning me on? Turning me on Is it weird that your bra Remind me of a Katy Perry song?  Every time that you get undressed I hear symphonies in my head I wrote this song just looking at you oh, oh Yet the drums they swing low And the trumpets they go And the trumpets they go Yeah the trumpets they go  Da da, da ra ra da, da, da Da, ra, ra, ra, da, da Da da, da ra ra da, da, da Da, ra, ra, ra, da, da They go  Is it weird that I hear Angels every time that you moan? Time that you moan Is it weird that your eyes Remind me of a Coldplay song? Coldplay song Is it weird that I hear Trumpets when you're turning me on? Turning me on  Every time that you get undressed I hear symphonies in my head I wrote this song just looking at you oh, oh Yet the drums they swing low And the trumpets they go And the trumpets they go Yeah the trumpets they go  Da da, da ra ra da, da, da Da, ra, ra, ra, da, da Da da, da ra ra da, da, da Da, ra, ra, ra, da, da They go 
There was a time when I was alone Nowhere to go and no place to call home My only friend was the man in the moon And even sometimes he would go away, too  Then one night, as I closed my eyes I saw a shadow flying high He came to me with the sweetest smile Told me he wanted to talk for awhile  He said, "Peter Pan, that's what they call me I promise that you'll never be lonely." And ever since that day  I am a lost boy from Neverland Usually hanging out with Peter Pan And when we're bored we play in the woods Always on the run from Captain Hook  "Run, run, lost boy." they say to me "Away from all of reality."  Neverland is home to lost boys like me And lost boys like me are free  He sprinkled me in pixie dust and told me to believe Believe in him and believe in me Together we will fly away in a cloud of green To your beautiful destiny  As we soared above the town that never loved me I realized I finally had a family Soon enough we reached Neverland Peacefully my feet hit the sand And ever since that day  I am a lost boy from Neverland Usually hanging out with Peter Pan And when we're bored we play in the woods Always on the run from Captain Hook  "Run, run, lost boy." they say to me "Away from all of reality."  Neverland is home to lost boys like me And lost boys like me are free  Peter Pan, Tinker Bell, Wendy Darling Even Captain Hook You are my perfect story book Neverland, I love you so You are now my home sweet home Forever a lost boy at last  Peter Pan, Tinker Bell, Wendy Darling Even Captain Hook You are my perfect story book Neverland, I love you so You are now my home sweet home Forever a lost boy at last And for always I will say  I am a lost boy from Neverland Usually hanging out with Peter Pan And when we're bored we play in the woods Always on the run from Captain Hook  "Run, run, lost boy." they say to me "Away from all of reality."  Neverland is home to lost boys like me And lost boys like me are free Neverland is home to lost boys like me And lost boys like me are free 
(Feat. WC)  Nineteen-ninety-eight, damn I can't believe it Whoever thought, throughout the drama, we'd live to see it So many of us done lost lives to the streets As we reminisce I'm pourin liquor for the deceased Thinkin' 'bout the times that I spent with many of em Hopin that the Lord let me see the millennium Trapped in this ghetto main, seekin' better days Fightin for my conscience, tryin' to shake these wicked ways I know it's wrong but it's hard to change All my life, all I ever knew was hustle and game Lookin' for answers ever since I was a adolescent Faced with rejection, early age stressin But now ten years later with doodoo respect I'm bustin' million dollar raps and six digit checks Showin love to my peeps and my love don't change Here's a toast to you fakes, huh, here's to better days  It might sound strange, but I just can't run away It might sound strange but I just can't run away I can't run, no, run away  Touch a meal ticket, shake a spot for good Never, I still got love for the neighborhood And even though now it's infested with gunplay On most days like Bootsy I can't stay away 'Cause if I shook like y'all shook on me Then whose gon' stay and guide the way for the lil homies? I can't turn my head on my folks So I stay visible in these streets and try to give hope Born in the ghetto, raised in the ghetto Got love for the ghetto, I can't forget the ghetto How come every time we get some change in our can We run away and try to move out as far as we can? I know that jealousy's the devil's greed But you worse than a devil when you turn your back on these young G's Now feel every word that I say, hear my cry As I struggle out of thirst and search for better days  Might sound strange, but I just can't run away I can't run, run, run away! Said I just can't run away Might sound strange, but I just can't run away I can't run, run, run away No I just can't run away Might sound strange, but I just can't run away I can't run, run, runnnnnn away!  Another day another dollar It feels good to look aroundand see I'm surrounded by real riders Childhood comrades I ran with for years Shared the same beer and tears over the same peers Player haters swearin that all we all G's Off each others strength with these, regulates the same cheese No jealousy we all family like Sister Sledge Lace each other with game, so I can spin beer cans Watch our kids grow together, as we get old together Loc I mean this, let no one come in between this Keep our business among us, behind doors and eyes closed on those we consider as foes Outsiders never exposed to your hustle Plus I'm, never been one likely to trust em No negative association, just dedication To watch our paper sprout like this bud mutation  Might sound strange, but I just can't run away I can't run, run, run away! No I just can't run away Might sound strange, but I just can't run away I can't run, I can't runnnnnnn away! No I just can't run away I can't run run run run runnnnnn away!  I can't, know I can't run I can't, know I can't run I can't, know I can't run I can't, know I can't run I can't, know I can't run 
I want to go places that I've never been Rome, California, Paris, Berlin I want to see things I've never seen Quietly happy and live by the sea  They say don't go out Don't get lost in the dark Don't go in too deep Don't swim out too far They say don't go out Don't go out too fast 'Cause I feel it all and I need to live a little at last  I wanna stay out all night say hello to the dawn Creep back to bed they'll never know I was gone Write songs through the day be alone with my thoughts Spend time with the ones I've always adored  They say don't go out Don't get lost in the dark Don't go in too deep Don't swim out too far They say don't go out Don't go out too fast 'Cause I feel it all and I need to live a little at last  Make my own mistakes For a (?) heart I am not afraid I will let down my guard  They say don't go out Don't get lost in the dark Don't go in too deep Don't swim out too far They say don't go out Don't go out too fast 'Cause I feel it all and I need to live a little at last 
Circles, we going in circles Dizzy's all it makes us  We know where it takes us We've been before  Closer, maybe looking closer  There's more to discover  Find out what went wrong Without blaming each other  Think that we got more time  When we're falling behind  Gotta make up our minds  So, we play, play, play All the same old games  And we wait, wait, wait For the end to change  And we take, take, take It for granted  That we'll be the same  But we're making all the Same mistakes  Wake up, we both need to wake up  Maybe if we face up, to this  We can make it through this  Closer, maybe we'll be closer  Stronger than we were before, yeah Make this something more, yeah   Think that we got more time  When we're falling behind  Gotta make up our minds  So, we play, play, play All the same old games  And we wait, wait, wait For the end to change  And we take, take, take It for granted  That we'll be the same  But we're making all the Same mistakes  Yeah, yeah, that's what crazy is  When it's broke, and you say "There's nothing to fix." And you pray, pray, pray That everything will be okay  While you're making all the Same mistakes   Don't look back But, if we don't look back We're only learning then How to make all the same mis- Same mistakes, again  So, we play, play, play All the same old games (The same mistakes) And we wait, wait, wait For the end to change (But, nothing's gonna change) And we take, take, take It for granted That we'll be the same  (But, nothing's gonna be the same) But we're making all the Same mistakes  Yeah, yeah, that's what crazy is (Crazy is) When it's broke, and you say "There's nothing to fix." (There's nothing to fix) And you pray, pray, pray (Oh) That everything will be okay (Everything will be okay) While you're making all the Same mistakes 
Chains on shining, you can see me riding Cocaine lined up, secrets that I'm hidin' You don't wanna find out, better off lying You don't wanna cry now, better off dying Chains on shining, you can see me riding Cocaine lined up, secrets that I'm hiding You don't wanna find out, better off lying You don't wanna cry now, better off dyin'  Baby, I'ma dive in, I don't put the time in Even if I try hard, I ain't gonna make it We ain't gonna make it We ain't gonna make it Baby, I'm dive in, I don't put the time in Even if I try hard, I ain't gonna make it We ain't gonna make it We ain't gonna make it  I ain't gonna make it But, I love it when you fake, yeah Got her little heart in my hand And I don't wanna break it I ain't gonna make it But, I love it when you fake, yeah Got her little heart in my hand And I don't wanna break it  Chains on shining, you can see me riding Cocaine lined up, secrets that I'm hidin' You don't wanna find out, better off lying You don't wanna cry now, better off dying Chains on shining, you can see me riding Cocaine lined up, secrets that I'm hidin' You don't wanna find out, better off lying You don't wanna cry now, better off dyin'  Baby, I'ma dive in, I don't put the time in Even if I try hard, I ain't gonna make it We ain't gonna make it We ain't gonna make it I ain't gonna make it But, I love it when you fake, yeah Got her little heart in my hand And I don't wanna break it 
Yeah, this just my life Front to back, top to bottom  Everything's changing around me These days don't feel the same We all lost faith and lost family Why must we play this game? Lord have mercy on me I've been a sinning man Pull out my wings, jump off the bridge and crash in a plane If I never land...  Know I never die We live forever in my mind And I sanctify We live forever, still alive  There's a lot going on but I stick to the ones I love I never claimed to be a perfect man but name a great man who was Consequences of my actions in the past years had me stressing out It was like, May, I just moved to L.A., I was tryna figure it out Medication for depression that I cut cold turkey, had the kid manic In an episode out in Hollywood, wilding out like Nick Cannon Railing Adderall pills out a dollar bill, on the bathroom floor Clean the whole mess up with my nose, what the fuck I need a vacuum for? New York City on my birthday, June 6th, 2014 I had that first meeting with Hov, plus I brought out the whole team I drank that whole bottle of D'usse Ty Ty gave me that night When we left the club after Rap Genius house me and shorty got into a fight She came out the room swingin', hit me in the jaw I was really tryna fend her off But I ended up in the closet with my hands around her neck I was tripping, dawg Too proud to apologize or empathize, I blamed it all on her Saying that she hit me first, even though she was the one hurt I was really just reflecting all the hurt that I was feeling from the band's rejection When Kids These Days split, that shit felt like a c-section And my infidelity and jealousy with Natalie on top of the amphetamines And the ecstasy had me tryna drown face down in the Chesapeake The next month I dropped "Down on My Luck" and had Europe going nuts But I couldn't even appreciate it at the time, I was going through too much Now I had to leverage million dollar label deals on the table for my records   In Ibiza eating paella on the roof, tryna choose over breakfast Hov wasn't with the bidding war, but I knew the Roc just felt right When I saw Kanye at Wireless, without T-Pain, still a good life Felt so close when Mr. Hudson introduced me to him backstage He prolly don't even remember that shit... like a bitch off Backpage But at that stage, I was ready to swing for the fence like a batting cage At the same time, I was winding down a low point in my addict phase The Adderall started wearing off and I went into a deep writer's block All over a song that I couldn't finish that I wrote about signin' to the Roc Isn't that ironic? I was feeling so psychotic With the whole world excited for me and my idol saying I got it Shit got bad out in L.A., so I moved back home to my mom's basement Linked up with Smoko and Papi Beatz and took it back to basics Then I wrote "Rage," that was me screaming out through the pain And "U Mad," addressing my relationship with Natalie, it was too bad The violence and the lies slipped suicide into my mental health I did acid in the studio one day and almost killed myself As I started to fall apart, certain stars started to align Om'Mas came to Chicago in January at the perfect time He said Kanye was working on an album, and Uzi played him one of our songs He was tryna fly me out, nigga, it was goin' down like the Dow Jones Pulled up to Westlake, first day I was there, I recorded "Wolves" I knew I was the one, like Neo meeting with the Oracle But I had to get a handle 'fore the door was pulled Crawled out on SNL All the niggas hating on me back home lookin' at me like, "FML" A lot of people coming out the wood like, "Let's work," tryna network All the pressure making my head hurt, the molly wouldn't let the meds work At this time it's like Feb. 1st to the 15th, and I'm still addicted Frustrated, writing shit for Ye, tryna visualize someone else's vision Then he laid that verse on "U Mad" and we made the shit the single Ye and Hov getting into it over me, tryna do a joint venture And G.O.O.D. Music still fam, but it's that Roc boy SAVEMONEY life Took the bus out on the road for the Traffic tour, did a hundred nights Cleaned out my closet, I got rid of all of my demons If you learn one thing from my journey, nigga it's don't stop believing When this shit got so suffocating I could barely even keep breathing Wrote my wrongs all in this song now I'd like to welcome y'all to my season Nigga I'm gone  Know I never die We live forever in my mind And I sanctify We live forever, still that life 
I remember that time we were sippin on wine I could see it in your eyes, you were feeling alive Why tell you I was good, why the fuck would I lie I remember seeing twice baby I shouldn't drive I should let you hold the keys baby take them inside If you taking my advice, maybe then you'll survive I've been looking at the sky all night and ain't see shit Thinking how you die, but you said I could be shit Now I'm on my grind baby look at me now, look at me now All this cash on me make 'em wanna go down I could fill your cup girl, I could make you slow down I could show you up baby, I don't pour fo' Sippin all day baby what you waiting fo' If you need a drink I got drugs on me Gotta watch for the 12 I got drugs on me I've been going hard I've been working OT Imma make a stack put in on my mommy  Right when I swing at the ground then you blink I got the job that can spit in your drink Fuck what they saying and fuck what they think I know they gon love me when Gucci my links Lines on the sink, Pills on the drink I'm coming and taking the ring  I remember that time we were sippin on wine I could see it in your eyes, you were feeling alive Why tell you I was good, why the fuck would I lie I remember seeing twice baby I shouldn't drive I should let you own the keys baby take them aside If you'd taken my advice, maybe then you'd survive I've been looking at the sky all night and ain't see shit Thinking how you die, but you said I could be shit Now I'm on my grind baby look at me now, look at me now All this cash on me make 'em wanna go down I could fill your cup girl, I could make you slow down I could show you up baby, I don't pour fo' Sippin all day baby what you waiting fo' If you need a drink I got drugs on me Gotta watch for the 12 I got drugs on me I've been going hard I've been working OT Imma make a stack put in on my mommy 
I'll use you as a warning sign That if you talk enough sense then you'll lose your mind I'll use you as focal point So I don't lose sight of what I want I've moved further than I thought I could But I miss you more than I thought I would I'll use you as a warning sign That if you talk enough sense then you'll lose your mind  I found love where it wasn't supposed to be Right in front of me Talk some sense to me  I'll use you as a makeshift gauge Of how much to give and how much to take I'll use you as a warning sign That if you talk enough sense then you'll lose your mind  I found love where it wasn't supposed to be Right in front of me Talk some sense to me  I found love where it wasn't supposed to be Right in front of me Talk some sense to me 
You must think that I'm stupid You must think that I'm a fool You must think that I'm new to this But I have seen this all before  I'm never gonna let you close to me Even though you mean the most to me 'Cause every time I open up, it hurts So I'm never gonna get too close to you Even when I mean the most to you In case you go and leave me in the dirt  Every time you hurt me, the less that I cry And every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry And every time you walk out, the less I love you Baby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true  I'm way too good at goodbyes (I'm way too good at goodbyes) I'm way too good at goodbyes (I'm way too good at goodbyes) No way that you'll see me cry (No way that you'll see me cry) I'm way to good at goodbyes (I'm way to good at goodbyes)  I know you're thinking I'm heartless I know you're thinking I'm cold I'm just protecting my innocence I'm just protecting my soul  I'm never gonna let you close to me Even though you mean the most to me 'Cause every time I open up, it hurts So I'm never gonna get too close to you Even when I mean the most to you In case you go and leave me in the dirt  Every time you hurt me, the less that I cry And every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry And every time you walk out, the less I love you Baby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true  I'm way to good at goodbyes (I'm way to good at goodbyes) I'm way too good at goodbyes (I'm way too good at goodbyes) No way that you'll see me cry (No way that you'll see me cry)  No way that you'll see me cry (No way that you'll see me cry) I'm way too good at goodbyes (I'm way to good at goodbyes) No No, no, no, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes) No, no, no, no No, no, no (I'm way too good at goodbyes) (No way that you'll see me cry) (I'm way too good at goodbyes)  'Cause overtime you hurt me, the less that I cry And every time you leave me, the quicker these tears dry And every time you walk out, the less I love you Baby, we don't stand a chance, it's sad but it's true I'm way too good at goodbyes 
Ooh Ooh  I will not make the same mistakes that you did I will not let myself cause my heart so much misery I will not break the way you did, you fell so hard I've learned the hard way to never let it get that far  Because of you  I never stray too far from the sidewalk Because of you I learned to play on the safe side so I don't get hurt  Because of you I find it hard to trust not only me, but everyone around me Because of you I am afraid  I lose my way and it's not too long before you point it out I cannot cry because I know that's weakness in your eyes I'm forced to fake a smile, a laugh, every day of my life My heart can't possibly break when it wasn't even whole to start with  Because of you I never stray too far from the sidewalk Because of you I learned to play on the safe side so I don't get hurt  Because of you I find it hard to trust not only me, but everyone around me Because of you I am afraid  I watched you die, I heard you cry every night in your sleep I was so young, you should have known better than to lean on me You never thought of anyone else, you just saw your pain And now I cry in the middle of the night for the same damn thing  Because of you I never stray too far from the sidewalk Because of you I learned to play on the safe side so I don't get hurt  Because of you I tried my hardest just to forget everything Because of you I don't know how to let anyone else in  Because of you I'm ashamed of my life because it's empty Because of you I am afraid  Because of you Because of you 
I can almost see it That dream I'm dreaming, but There's a voice inside my head saying, "You'll never reach it" Every step I'm taking Every move I make feels lost with no direction My faith is shakin' But I, I gotta keep trying Gotta keep my head held high  There's always gonna be another mountain I'm always gonna wanna make it move Always gonna be an uphill battle Sometimes I'm gonna have to lose Ain't about how fast I get there Ain't about what's waiting on the other side It's the climb  The struggles I'm facing The chances I'm taking Sometimes might knock me down, but No, I'm not breaking I may not know it,  But these are the moments that, I'm gonna remember most, yeah Just gotta keep going And I, I gotta be strong Just keep pushing on, 'cause  There's always gonna be another mountain I'm always gonna wanna make it move Always gonna be an uphill battle Sometimes I'm gonna have to lose Ain't about how fast I get there Ain't about what's waiting on the other side It's the climb  Yeah  There's always gonna be another mountain I'm always gonna wanna make it move Always gonna be an uphill battle Sometimes, you're gonna have to lose Ain't about how fast I get there Ain't about what's waiting on the other side It's the climb  Yeah-yeah-yeah  Keep on movin'  Keep climbin' Keep the faith, baby It's all about, it's all about the climb Keep the faith, keep your faith,  Whoa-whoa-oh 
(Feat. Cousins and Friends)  (Lil' Ed) It's bad here in Texas, this is were legends are born I'm Lil' Edda, the best of best This is a dedication to Koopsta, Lil' Rap, Big James and Cripster Feel It  (Lil' Ed:Chorus) I'm draped up and dripped out, know what I'm talkin' about I'm draped up and dripped out, know what I'm talkin' about I'm draped up and dripped out, know what I'm talkin' about I'm draped up and dripped out, know what I'm talkin' about  (Lil' Ed) I'm draped up and dripped out, know what I'm talkin' about Fuckin' over police cops, fuckin' over dick spots Bitch hoe niggaz tic tac the foe hoe line Ain't shit to the writer of me RL Stine I always listen to Hip Hop Bitches try to Trip and Hop Snitches better Slip and Flop But then its better to listen to Hip Hop I try to be the best of rap and rock But then I stopped and then hopped I was the best rapper since 2002 Two and neva got through, my friend frew Was a dick head always drew 'Cause I'm draped up and dripped out, what you bitches talkin' about  (Aaron Flippa) I'm draped up and dripped out, what you bitches fuckin' about Aaron Flippa is about drought, you better have to think then thought Whore fuck ass dicks try to find a fix You bout to buy a pack sticks Ain't gonna cry about friend dick I'ma buy a pack of smokes, I drove while bein drunk Some bitches put me in the damn open trunk I wasn't really funk, I was kinda hunk But ain't shit 'cause I'ma have the greatest hit The best is me cause bitches can't be like me It ain't he or she it's me, the best Ain't representatin the west, Aaron Flippa gots to take a test 'Cause I'm draped up and dripped out, Aaron Flippa gon try Hip Hop  (Big HG) I'm a fan bein dripped out, what the fuck the bitches about Snitches try to be a hoe, sometimes they are fuckin' foes But they ain't shit 'cause they try to make a lot of dough Try to be my brother Joe, ain't fuckin' with my lil' bro Joel Bitch fuck fours, wanna get ten mo doors Try to brake the fuckin' floors, make hand fulls out of Moe Bitch I'm switchin lanes when I'm in the game 'Cause I'm draped up and dripped out, bitches try to be about  (Tino the best Rino) Tino bein draped up and dripped out, what the whore ass niggaz talkin' about Bitches try to be a cop, but couldn't be stop Whores try Hip Hop, couldn't do Trip Hop Again do another Journey, without Ernie He can't flirty, with McDonalds McFlurry Whore ass motherfuckers try but then eternally die Before I die, I be Supafly Koopsta Die, I miss you man, I'll see you heaven With my girlfriend Christian, she wasn't even a fresh men 'Cause I'm draped up and dripped out, what you fuckers talkin' about  (Kevinized) Bein draped up and dripped out, bitches try to buy a phone The phone doesn't even have a tone, bitches bought some big stones Que paso bitches whores fuckers who cry bonez Don't even try hoes, try to be fuckin' foes Can't even make a bunch of dough Where my mom come take brother Tom Bitch I don't have a brother Tom, only Kenny and Kyle Freddy ain't reddy, he has a lot of dreddy He ain't dead, red, fred, head, dred and cred (Already)  (Small Jose) Que paso friends who try to be dripped out, bitches already fucked out Who can't fuck around, who try to be about Can't you see about, you free about My friends sister Dee Dee is gon be freaked out about it She gon kill herself about it, it ain't shit to halt it Clant plant it, James Jones been about it Bitch ass fucker been sucker on it Bitch fuck nigga don't even dare pull dat trigga Cause bein draped up and dripped out gon make you be a bitch now  (Lil' Hustle) You know me Lil' Matt, the best bitch with a big blue hat With the second biggest tat, I have no stat I'ma bring a bat, I have three catz One is cat, another one is tat, and the last one is fat My friend Phaz, gon go to Jazz 'Cause he gon be a Millionaire, hey that rhymes with Chamillionaire You better not stare, cause that bear is draped up and dripped out, he gon be fucked About it  (D.J. Quiztid Rhymez) D.J. Quiztid Rhymez, will try bein high I will try to squash a fly, and I won't die Bitch ass fucker I'ma supafly I ain't krpytonite but I am a bitch at night I got eye sight, I have bright eyez But I ain't Jive at night, Club night Fuck dat, I rather go to a bar and drank I rather get drunk and be throwed to the trunk Bein draped up and dripped out is gon make you be a bitch at night  (Lil' Matt) Lil' matt is already draped up and dripped out, he gon be about it He rather fuck around you, be a bitch to you I ain't gon a hoe or whore to you You can't make me quita, I rather get builta Make a bitch out of yourself, I ain't losin my wealth You rather lose your health, damn you bitch fuckers are dumb I live in Houston bitch and you know the name Cause you bitches are gonna go to the all star game 
It's taken me a while to tell you Exactly how I feel inside The words, they may seem simple right now But they took a while to find  Is this what you call love, love, love? This is what I'm thinking of  Please don't tell me you have moved on Just give me one chance to explain My feelings are still here and growin' They're new to me and I'm still learnin'  And is this what you call love, love, love? This is what I'm thinking of  Because I knew That you would be all right And in my heart, you would stay a while with me And we danced until the morning light And you said to me, you said we'll be all right Yeah, we'll be all right And we'll be all right  Is this what you call love? And is this what you call love? And is this what you call love, love, love? This is what I'm thinking of  And is this what you call love? This is what I'm thinking of And is this what you call love, love, love? This is what I'm thinking of 
Don't look at me  Every day is so wonderful And suddenly it's hard to breathe Now and then I get insecure From all the pain, I'm so ashamed  I am beautiful no matter what they say Words can't bring me down I am beautiful in every single way Yes, words can't bring me down So don't you bring me down today  To all your friends you're delirious So consumed in all your doom Trying hard to fill the emptiness The piece is gone, left the puzzle undone Ain't that the way it is?  'Cause you are beautiful no matter what they say Words can't bring you down, oh no, no 'Cause you are beautiful in every single way Yes, words can't bring you down, oh no So don't you bring me down today  No matter what we do (No matter what we do) No matter what we say (No matter what we say) We're the song inside the tune (Yeaheah, yeaheah!) Full of beautiful mistakes  And everywhere we go (And everywhere we go) The sun will always shine (The sun will always, always shine!) And tomorrow we might awake on the other side  'Cause we are beautiful no matter what they say Yes, words won't bring us down, no, no We are beautiful in every single way Yes, words can't bring us down, oh no So don't you bring me down today  Ooh no, ooh Yeaheah Don't you bring me down today, heyey Don't you bring me down today 
When did I become so numb? When did I lose myself? All the words that leave my tongue Feel like they came from someone else  I'm paralyzed Where are my feelings? I no longer feel things I know I should I'm paralyzed Where is the real me? I'm lost and it kills me - inside I'm paralyzed  When did I become so cold? When did I become ashamed? (Ooh) Where's the person that I know? They must have left They must have left With all my faith  I'm paralyzed I'm scared to live but I'm scared to die And if life is pain then I buried mine a long time ago But it's still alive And it's taking over me - where am I? I wanna feel something, I'm numb inside But I feel nothing, I wonder why And on the race of life time passes by Look I sit back and I watch it, hands in my pockets Waves come crashing over me but I just watch 'em I just watch 'em I'm under water but I feel like I'm on top of it I'm at the bottom and I don't know what the problem is I'm in a box But I'm the one who locked me in Suffocating and I'm running out of oxygen  I'm paralyzed (Yeah, I'm just so paralyzed) Where are my feelings? (Yeah, I'm just so paralyzed) I no longer feel things (I have no feelings) I know I should (Oh. How come I'm not moving? Why aren't I moving? Ay yeah) I'm paralyzed Where is the real me? (Where is the real me?) I'm lost and it kills me - inside (I'm paralyzed, I'm paralyzed) I'm paralyzed (I'm paralyzed) 
(Nas) Fake thug, no love, you get the slug cb4 gutso Your luck low, I didn't know till I was drunk though You freak niggaz played out, get fucked then ate out Prostitute turned bitch, I got the gauge out 96 ways I made out Montana way The Goodf-e-l-l-a verbal AK spray Dipped attaché jumped out the range, empty out the ashtray A glass of 'Zé make a man Cassius Clay Red dot plots, murder schemes 32 shotguns Regulate with my dunns 17 rocks gleam From one ring, yo let me let y'all niggaz know one thing There's one life, one love, so there can only be one King The highlights of living, Vegas style roll dice in linen Antera's spinning on millenniums 20G bets I'm winning them, threats I'm sending them Lex with TV sets the minimum, ill sex adrenaline Party with villains, a case of demi-sec to chase the henny Wet any clique with the semi-tech who want it Diamonds I flaunt them, chicken heads flock I lace them Fried broiled with basil taste them Crack your legs way out of formation It's horizontal how I have them fucking me in the Benz wagon Can it be vanity from last dragon Grab gun it's on though, shit is grimy, real niggaz buck in broad daylight With the broke mac it won't spray right Don't give a fuck what they hit as long as the drama's lit Yo overnight thugs, bug because they ain't promised shit Hungry-ass hooligans stay on that piranha shit  (Nas) I peeped you fronting, I was in the jeep sunk in The seat, tinted with heat beats bumping Across the street you was wilding Talking bout how you ran the island in '89, laying up playing the yard with crazy shine I cocked a baby 9 that nigga gave me mine, click What was he thinking on my corner when it pay me time Dug 'em you owe me cousin something told me plug them So dumb felt my leg burn then it got numb Spun around and shot one, heard shots and dropped son Caught a hot one, somebody take this biscuit before the cops come Then they came asking me my name, what the fuck I got stitched up and went through the left hospital that same night What I got my gat back, time to backtrack I had to drop so how the fuck I get clapped Black was in the Jeep watching all these scenes speed by It was a brown Datsun and yo nobody in my hood got one That clown nigga's through blazing out his crew daily The Bridge touched me up severely hear me So when I rhyme it's sincerely yours be lighting L's sipping Coors On all floors in project halls Contemplating war with niggas I was cool with before We used to score together Uptown copping the raw But a, a thug changes and love changes And best friends become strangers, word up  (Outro: Nas) Yo to them thug niggas getting it on in the world ya know To them thug niggas that locked down doing their thing Surviving know what I'm saying? To my thorough niggas New York and world wide Yo to the Queens Bridge militia 9-6 shit the firm clique The 'Illmatic' nigga 'It Was Written' though Been a long time coming Y'all fake niggas trying to copy Better come with the reload! 
Yeah Che-check one two, one two Check one two (fuck), yeah Try'na keep my (keep my) composure I don't have anyone's shoulder anymore (anymore), anymore Anymore, anymore (anymore), yeah Anymore (anymore), anymore (anymore), yeah  It's like I've been castaway, fast away By my lone, by my own I don't have anyone to cry with, or to die with I die on my own On my, on my own, on my own It seems like the underwater is my flyzone, my flyzone  Try'na keep my composure I don't have anyone's shoulder anymore, anymore Anymore, anymore (anymore), yeah Anymore (anymore), anymore (anymore), yeah  Too many times, too many times, I've Too many times, too many times I've tried to be your friend, till the very end I'm try'na fight, through the light Even though I've been blind I'm trying, I'm trying, oh, oh, oh  Try'na keep my (keep my) composure I don't have anyone's shoulder anymore (anymore), anymore Anymore, anymore (anymore), yeah Anymore (anymore), anymore (anymore), yeah  Yeah anymore I won't fight anymore, I won't cry anymore Anymore, anymore, anymore Anymore, anymore, yeah Leave me in the dark end, leave me in the back end Leave me back in your arms Leave me in the dark end, leave me in the back end Leave me back in your arms, your arms, your arms  Try'na keep my (keep my) composure I don't have anyone's shoulder anymore (anymore), anymore Anymore, anymore (anymore), yeah Anymore (anymore), anymore (anymore), yeah 
I let it fall, my heart And as it fell, you rose to claim it It was dark, and I was over Until you kissed my lips and you saved me  My hands, they were strong But my knees were far too weak To stand in your arms Without falling to your feet  But there's a side to you that I never knew, never knew All the things you'd say, they were never true, never true And the games you'd play, you would always win, always win  But I set fire to the rain Watched it pour as I touched your face Let it burn while I cried 'Cause I heard it screaming out your name, your name  When I lay with you I could stay there, close my eyes Feel you here, forever You and me together, nothing is better  'Cause there's a side to you that I never knew, never knew All the things you'd say, they were never true, never true And the games you'd play, you would always win, always win  But I set fire to the rain Watched it pour as I touched your face Let it burn while I cried 'Cause I heard it screaming out your name, your name  I set fire to the rain And I threw us into the flames When we fell, something died 'Cause I knew that that was the last time, the last time  Sometimes I wake up by the door That heart you caught must be waiting for you Even now when we're already over I can't help myself from looking for you  I set fire to the rain Watched it pour as I touched your face Let it burn while I cried 'Cause I heard it screaming out your name, your name  I set fire to the rain And I threw us into the flames When we fell, something died 'Cause I knew that that was the last time, the last time  Burn, oh Oh, no Let it burn, oh Let it burn Let it burn 
We're melting in between The building and the bus It's you and me, but honestly, It's still not us, 'Cause you've got plans, I understand And I'll be on tour when you get back And while we're so unlikely, love, It's only you I'm thinking of  But it's so hard When you won't let me tell you What you want to hear Let down your guard, If only just a little, 'Cause you know I already have  And please, leave, Maria 'Cause every lie you step inside Just drives me to the edge And please, leave, Maria 'Cause falling out of love is worse Than falling from the ledge  Together sleeping on the ceiling secretly, Somehow the air we're in has stolen the gravity And I don't care if people stare Or say I've changed, 'cause that's not fair It's just that I'm not quite so cold, I'm happy not to sleep alone  But it's so hard When you won't let me tell you What you want to hear Let down your guard, If only just a little, 'Cause you know I already have  And please, leave, Maria 'Cause every lie you step inside Just drives me to the edge And please, leave, Maria 'Cause falling out of love is worse Than falling from the ledge  And is it love? 'Cause I never thought about it any other way And if it's love, I think that you'll know, And even if you think you can't, Please just try to understand  And please, leave, Maria 'Cause every lie you step inside Just drives me to the edge And please, leave, Maria 'Cause falling out of love is worse Than falling from the ledge 
I know you're somewhere out there Somewhere far away I want you back I want you back My neighbors think I'm crazy But they don't understand You're all I had You're all I had  At night when the stars light up my room I sit by myself talking to the moon. Trying to get to you In hopes you're on the other side talking to me too. Or am I a fool who sits alone talking to the moon?  Oh oh oh  I'm feeling like I'm famous The talk of the town They say I've gone mad Yeah, I've gone mad But they don't know what I know 'Cause when the sun goes down Someone's talking back Yeah, they're talking back Oh  At night when the stars light up my room I sit by myself talking to the moon. Trying to get to you In hopes you're on the other side talking to me too. Or am I a fool who sits alone talking to the moon?  Ah, ah, ah Do you ever hear me calling? (Ah, ah, ah) Oh oh oh oh oh 'Cause every night I'm talking to the moon  Still trying to get to you In hopes you're on the other side talking to me too Or am I a fool who sits alone talking to the moon?  Oh oh oh  I know you're somewhere out there Somewhere far away 
I know you're out in Cabo Hanging with your brother Wishin' that I was your bottle So I could be close to your lips again I know you didn't call your parents And tell 'em that we ended 'Cause you know that they'd be offended Did you not want to tell 'em it's the end  And I know we're not supposed to talk But I'm getting ahead of myself I get scared when you're not 'Cause I'm scared you're with somebody else I guess that it is gone And I just keep lying to myself I can't believe it  I miss you, yeah I miss you I miss you, yeah I miss you, oh I do I miss you, yeah I miss you Though I'm tryin' not to right now  You weren't a fan of pictures So I hardly ever took 'em Got them saved in my mind from the bedroom So that way I can't forget your skin So I saved all the texts All of the best over the years Just to remind myself Of how good it is Or was  And I know we're not supposed to talk But I'm getting ahead of myself I get scared when you're not 'Cause I'm scared you're with somebody else I guess that it is gone And I just keep lying to myself I can't believe it  I miss you, yeah I miss you I miss you, yeah I miss you, oh I do I miss you, yeah I miss you Though I'm tryin' not to right now  So I saved all the texts All of the best over the years Just to remind myself Of how good it is Yeah, I saved all the texts off of my ex Minus the tears Just to remind myself Of how good it is Or was 'Cause I...  I miss you, yeah I miss you I miss you, yeah I miss you, oh I do I miss you, yeah I miss you Though I'm tryin' not to right now I can't help it, I just- Though I'm tryin' not to right now I can't help it, I just- 
And I got all the drugs in the world that you need We get high to pass time but bitch I ain't no fiend I got money on my mind, I be stacking my green Shawty said she like my style, I be dripping with ease Please don't send me naked pictures, I don't like to be teased Say she got that super soaker, well girl just let me see I ain't worried bout shit, these niggas ain't scaring me I was destined for this life, this is my destiny Friends wanna be friends when you doing the most How you tell me you my bro then you went out and told Niggas say they down to ride but be folding like clothes Purple hearts all on my garment, I ain't trusting a soul  I roll up the Mary Jane, no they can't feel my pain I'm still trapping everyday, I think I'm stuck in my ways If you looking for a handout get the fuck out my face I don't care about no friends because they all were just fake In my inbox like I owe you, I got this by myself I was broken down bad when you said you would help Now I'm up, they love to hate me, that's just bad for your health And she say she a college girl but left her books on the shelf She gon' fuck me like a porn star, a rock star Trying to skirt off in that fast car, like NASCAR Girl you know I got a cold heart If I would give it to you, would you tear that shit apart Red roses on my grave, bury me with art And with some Backwoods and a lighter just so I could spark Midnight rider, never put the car in park I'm shining bright just like a light 'cause I came from the dark I ain't never had nobody, put that on my mommy I might have to catch a body if you try to stop me She ride like a Kawasaki and she like it sloppy Oh you got a hotty body, come ride on my Johnny Imma go show you the wave, just give me some space Why you all up in my face like you need a taste Good designer on my waist, shooters keep the K I tell them boys to play it safe, don't lay in your grave I ain't never taking time off, I'm steady grinding I'm never lying, was never crying Take flights I'm flying, no you can't see me Say you need me but you deceive me  And I got all the drugs in the world that you need We get high to pass time but bitch I ain't no fiend I got money on my mind, I be stacking my green Shawty said she like my style, I be dripping with ease Please don't send me naked pictures, I don't like to be teased Say she got that super soaker, well girl just let me see I ain't worried bout shit, these niggas ain't scaring me I was destined for this life, this is my destiny Friends wanna be friends when you doing the most How you tell me you my bro then you went out and told Niggas say they down to ride but be folding like clothes Purple hearts all on my garment, I ain't trusting a soul  I ain't never forgotten, not a soul worth remembering Cause all these motherfuckers turn to foe when they envy So I don't talk, I work hard Cause you could be someone today and just be nobody tomorrow She said I'll never be shit but a god damn rock star That blunt ash on the floor Well she ain't that far off Said she ain't that far off Roll, smoke That's all we know Toke Took a drag out that wood now she goin' for my wood So we going to my hood Yeah she gonna get it good And she know who we are She want this rock star life and she said I'm going far And she off a bar And she can't feel her face no more Yeah she off a bar and she can't feel her face no more She said she can't feel her face no more 
I left my girl back home I don't love her no more And she'll never fucking know that These fucking eyes that I'm staring at  Let me see that ass Look at all this cash And I emptied out my cards to her Now I'm fucking leaning on that  Bring your love baby I could bring my shame Bring the drugs baby I could bring my pain I got my heart right here I got my scars right here  Bring the cups baby I could bring the drank Bring your body baby I could bring you fame And that's my motherfucking words too Just let me motherfucking love you  Listen ma I'll give you all I got Get me off on this I need confidence in myself Listen ma I'll give you all of me Give me all of it I need all of it to myself  So tell me you love me Only for tonight Only for one night Even though you don't love me  Just tell me you love me I'll give you what I need I'll give you all of me Even though you don't love me  Let me see you dance I love to watch you dance Take you down another level And get you dancing with the devil  Take a shot of this But I'm warning you I'm on that shit that you can't smell baby So put down your perfume  Bring your love baby I could bring my shame Bring the drugs baby I could bring my pain I got my heart right here I got my scars right here  Bring the cups baby I could bring the drank Bring your body baby I could bring you fame And that's my motherfucking word too So let me motherfucking love you  Listen ma I'll give you all I got Get me off on this I need confidence in myself Listen ma I'll give you all of me Give me all of it I need all of it to myself  So tell me you love me Only for tonight Only for one night Even though you don't love me  Just tell me you love me I'll give you what I need I'll give you all of me Even though you don't love me 
Just pick up a place, and I'll be there Pick anything that's what I'll be Give me anything tos ay, even if it's nothing That's all you'll hear Everything was never enough for you Do you ever say my name? Or do you ever write down broken thoughts and turn them into songss to throw away? Do you ever close your eyes and wish they'll never open again? I do, it's always worse in silence... No lies to tell no one to hear When air turns cold We sleep alone Everytime I try to say your name it's always worse on nights like this And every night is just like this How many times have you closed your eyes and wished to just be happy? Every night ends just like this, for me because we'll never be We'll never be 
Show me the meaning of being lonely  So many words for the broken heart It's hard to see in a crimson love So hard to believe Walk with me and maybe Nights of light so soon become Wild and free, I can feel the sun Your every wish will be done They tell me  Show me the meaning of being lonely Is this the feeling I need to walk with? Tell me why I can't be there where you are There's something missing in my heart  Life goes on as it never ends Eyes of stone observe the trends They never say, forever gaze, if only Guilty roads to an endless love (Endless love) There's no control, are you with me now? Your every wish will be done They tell me  Show me the meaning of being lonely Is this the feeling I need to walk with? (Tell me why) Tell me why I can't be there where you are There's something missing in my heart  There's nowhere to run, I have no place to go Surrender my heart, body, and soul How can it be you're asking me to feel things you never show?  You are missing in my heart Tell me why I cannot be there where you are?  Show me the meaning of being lonely Is this the feeling I need to walk with? (Tell me why) Tell me why I can't be there where you are (Where you are) There's something missing in my heart (You are missing in my heart)  Show me the meaning of being lonely (Being lonely) Is this the feeling I need to walk with? (Tell me why) Tell me why I can't be there where you are (Can't be there where you are) There's something missing in my heart 
All of this pussy the Devil All of this cash is the Devil All of this xans is the Devil All of these pills is the Devil All of this lean is the Devil I won't go to Heaven nah I won't go to Heaven nah I won't go to Heaven nah I won't go to Heaven nah I won't go to Heaven nah  Bitch I be that broke boy Two scripts half full make a full script Means I'm running out Bitch I be a hoe toy Making two bad bitches bashful Coming out they nutshell Pass me the rag fool Bitch I be that dope boy Smoke cash Ash snowing on the broke glass Throat slashed Now I gotta blood soaked rash Go bash in a fuck boy's skull wearing no mask Toe tag Make the rope last Don't ask All of my vices the Devil Fuck all this nice shit I meddle in murderous temptation Roll up the windows and push down the pedal Burn a cigarette in my wrist that's 7th Ward shit Fuck a bitch then dip No tint Gas tank on E 6-4 Impala at the bottom of a cliff, bitch  All this Heron is the Devil All these Xanax is the Devil All of these murders the Devil All of these hoes is the Devil Bitch I am the the Devil The Devil and I can't go to Heaven nah I can't go to Heaven nah I can't go to Heaven nah I can't go to Heaven nah I can't go to Heaven nah  Keeping it packing with a hundred rounds Keep them dead bodies all on the ground Posted in Memphis at Orange Mound TA rollin' the loud when we come around Smoking and drinking I ain't never thinking Popping them pills till I'm under the cement Six Hundred Sixty Six, smoking that reefer If you looking for dope woa I got it for cheaper New Orleans crypt keeper, the killer the creeper Believe me that demons are real once you see us Fuckboys wanna be us the hoes wanna please us Ask in yo city they'll tell you I'm Jesus The motherfuckin' Anti Christ, Suicide we anti life Bitch don't make me tell you twice, that I can't go to Heaven nah 
Come with me Stay the night Just say the words but boy it don't feel right What do ya expect me to say (You know it's just too little too late) You take my hand and you say you've changed But boy you know your begging don't fool me Because to you it's just a game (You know it's just too little too late)  So let me on down now 'Cause time has made me strong I'm starting to move on I'm gonna say this now Your chance has come and gone And you know...  It's just too little too late A little too wrong And I can't wait But you know all the right things to say (You know it's just too little too late) You say you dream of my face But you don't like me you just like the chase So be real, it doesn't matter anyway (You know it's just too little too late)  Yeah yeah... it's just too little too late... mhmmm  I was young and in love I gave you everything but it wasn't enough And now you wanna communicate (You know it's just too little too late) Go find someone else and letting you go  I'm loving myself You got a problem But don't come asking me for help 'Cause you know...  It's just too little too late A little too wrong And I can't wait But you know all the right things to say (You know it's just too little too late) You say you dream of my face But you don't like me you just like the chase So be real, it doesn't matter anyway (You know it's just too little too late)  I can love with all of my heart, baby I know I have so much to give (I have so much to give) With a player like you I don't have a prayer That's no way to live... Oh... mmm no... It's just too little too late Yeah...  It's just too little too late (Too late oh too late) A little too wrong And I can't wait (Yeah...) But you know all the right things to say (You know it's just too little too late) You say you dream of my face But you don't like me you just like the chase (You just like the chase) So be real, it doesn't matter anyway (You know it's just too little too late)  Yeah... You know it's just too little too late Oh... I can't wait No no oh...  It's just too little too late A little too wrong And I can't wait But you know all the right things to say (You know it's just too little too late) You say you dream of my face But you don't like me you just like the chase So be real, it doesn't matter anyway (You know it's just too little too late) 
You were looking at me like you wanted to stay When I saw you yesterday I'm not wasting your time, I'm not playing no games I see you Who knows the secret tomorrow will hold? We don't really need to know 'Cause you're here with me now, I don't want you to go You're here with me now, I don't want you to go  Maybe we're perfect strangers Maybe it's not forever Maybe intellect will change us Maybe we'll stay together Maybe we'll walk away Maybe we'll realize We're only human Maybe we don't need no reason Maybe we're perfect strangers Maybe it's not forever Maybe intellect will change us Maybe we'll stay together Maybe we'll walk away Maybe we'll realize We're only human  Maybe we don't need no reason Why Come on, come on, come on now Maybe we don't need no reason Why Come on, come on, come on now  No one but you got me feeling this way There's so much we can't explain Maybe we're helping each other escape I'm with you Who knows the secret tomorrow will hold? We don't really need to know 'Cause you're here with me now, I don't want you to go You're here with me now, I don't want you to go  Maybe we're perfect strangers Maybe it's not forever Maybe intellect will change us Maybe we'll stay together Maybe we'll walk away Maybe we'll realize We're only human Maybe we don't need no reason Maybe we're perfect strangers Maybe it's not forever Maybe intellect will change us Maybe we'll stay together Maybe we'll walk away Maybe we'll realize We're only human Maybe we don't need no reason Why Come on, come on, come on now Maybe we don't need no reason Why Come on, come on, come on now Come on, come on, come on now Maybe we don't need no reason Why Come on, come on, come on now 
You've got a hold of me Don't even know your power I stand a hundred feet But I fall when I'm around you  Show me an open door Then you go and slam it on me I can't take anymore I'm saying baby  Please have mercy on me Take it easy on my heart Even though you don't mean to hurt me You keep tearing me apart Would you please have mercy, mercy on my heart Would you please have mercy, mercy on my heart  I'd drive through the night Just to be near you, baby Heart old and testified Tell me that I'm not crazy  I'm not asking for a lot Just that you're honest with me My pride is all I got I'm saying baby  Please have mercy on me Take it easy on my heart Even though you don't mean to hurt me You keep tearing me apart Would you please have mercy on me I'm a puppet on your string And even though you got good intentions I need you to set me free Would you please have mercy, mercy on my heart Would you please have mercy, mercy on my heart  Consuming all the air inside my lungs Ripping all the skin from off my bones I'm prepared to sacrifice my life I would gladly do it twice Consuming all the air inside my lungs Ripping all the skin from off my bones I'm prepared to sacrifice my life I would gladly do it twice  Please have mercy on me Take it easy on my heart Even though you don't mean to hurt me You keep tearing me apart Would you please have mercy on me I'm a puppet on your string And even though you got good intentions I need you to set me free  I'm begging you for mercy, mercy (On my heart)Begging you, begging you, please, baby I'm begging you for mercy, mercy Ooh, I'm begging you, I'm begging you 
I'm not a perfect person There's many things I wish I didn't do But I continue learning I never meant to do those things to you And so I have to say before I go That I just want you to know  I've found a reason for me To change who I used to be A reason to start over new And the reason is you  I'm sorry that I hurt you It's something I must live with everyday And all the pain I put you through I wish that I could take it all away And be the one who catches all your tears That's why I need you to hear  I've found a reason for me To change who I used to be A reason to start over new And the reason is you And the reason is you And the reason is you And the reason is you  I'm not a perfect person I never meant to do those things to you And so I have to say before I go That I just want you to know  I've found a reason for me To change who I used to be A reason to start over new And the reason is you  I've found a reason to show A side of me you didn't know A reason for all that I do And the reason is you 
Hey, you there Can we take it to the next level Baby, do you dare?  Don't, be scared 'Cause if you can say the words I don't know why I should care  'Cause here I am I'm giving all I can But all you ever do is mess it up Yeah, I'm right here I'm trying to make it clear That getting half of you, just ain't enough  I'm not going to wait until you're done Pretending you don't need anyone I'm standing here naked (Naked, naked) I'm standing here naked (Naked, naked) I'm not going to try 'til you decide You're ready to swallow all your pride I'm standing here naked (Naked, naked) I'm standing here naked (Naked, naked)  Hey, get out I've got nothing left to give And you give me nothing now Read, my mouth If you ever want me back Then your walls need breaking down  'Cause here I am I'm giving all I can But all you ever do is mess it up (all you ever do) Yeah, I'm right here I'm trying to make it clear Getting half of you, just ain't enough  I'm not going to wait until you're done Pretending you don't need anyone I'm standing here naked (Naked, naked) I'm standing here naked (Naked, naked) I'm not going to try 'til you decide You're ready to swallow all your pride I'm standing here naked (Naked, naked) I'm standing here naked (Naked, naked)  Oh, I wanna give you everything I wanna give you everything, oh yeah yeah I wanna give you everything I wanna give you everything, oh  I'm not going to wait until you're done 'Cause you pretended you don't need anyone Can't you see that I'm naked (Naked, naked) Oh, you see that I'm naked (Naked, naked) I'm not going to try 'til you decide You're ready to swallow all your pride I'm standing here naked (Naked, naked) I'm standing here naked (Naked, naked) I'm standing I'm standing here 
You've always done your best, But you still live in a one-room house Surrounded by the fact You'll never get out of this hell You walk the miles each day  You can't afford to pay for a ride  At 30 cents per hour...  We got to make a change  Big corporations they've gone way too far As each day goes by someone is dying all alone (On and on it goes) We got to make trade fair  You've always done your best, The sweatshop was never really a choice The quotas are way too high, A slave of modern days to come Miserable conditions  You'll be in debt for all you life Can't afford to feed your kids... We got to make a change  Big corporations they've gone way too far Sweatshop! Boycott! We must shut them down!  Someone is dying all alone (On and on it goes) We got to make a change... We got to make trade fair! 
You're the first face that I see And the last thing I think about You're the reason that I'm alive You're what I can't live without You're what I can't live without  You never give up When I'm falling apart Your arms are always open wide And you're quick to forgive When I make a mistake You love me in the blink of an eye  I don't deserve your love But you give it to me anyway Can't get enough You're everything I need And when I walk away You take off running and come right after me It's what you do And I don't deserve you  You're the light inside my eyes You give me a reason to keep trying You give me more than I could dream And you bring me to my knees You bring me to my knees  Your heart is gold and how am I the one That you've chosen to love I still can't believe that you're right next to me After all that I've done  I don't deserve your love But you give it to me anyway Can't get enough You're everything I need And when I walk away You take off running and come right after me It's what you do And I don't deserve you  I don't deserve a chance like this I don't deserve a love that gives me everything You're everything I want!  I don't deserve your love But you give it to me anyway Can't get enough You're everything I need And when I walk away! You take off running and come right after me It's what you do And I don't deserve you And I don't deserve you 
You and me, we made a vow For better or for worse I can't believe you let me down But the proof's in the way it hurts  For months on end I've had my doubts Denying every tear I wish this would be over now But I know that I still need you here  You say I'm crazy 'Cause you don't think I know what you've done But when you call me baby I know I'm not the only one  You've been so unavailable Now sadly I know why Your heart is unobtainable Even though God knows you have mine  You say I'm crazy 'Cause you don't think I know what you've done But when you call me baby I know I'm not the only one  I have loved you for many years Maybe I am just not enough You've made me realize my deepest fear By lying and tearing us up  You say I'm crazy 'Cause you don't think I know what you've done But when you call me baby I know I'm not the only one  You say I'm crazy 'Cause you don't think I know what you've done But when you call me baby I know I'm not the only one I know I'm not the only one I know I'm not the only one And I know, and I know, and I know, And I know, and I know, and I don't know I know I'm not the only one 
One, two You ready? Here we go  It ain't the gun It's the man behind the trigger Gets blood on his fingers And runs It ain't the lie It's the way that the truth is denied  But if there is one thing that I'm guilty of It's loving and giving when you take too much If somebody asked how we died Please look them straight in the eye  Call it suicide Don't fabricate Just tell them baby It was suicide Don't sugarcoat it Just let them know  It ain't the knife It's the way that you use it How you abuse it in fights The angel in life You feel you were given As long as you're living in love  But if there is one thing that I'm guilty of It's loving and giving when you take too much If somebody asked how we died Please look them straight in the eye  Call it suicide Don't fabricate Just tell them baby It was suicide Don't sugarcoat it Just let them know  You've been killing me softly And finally that is too much And I won't no longer will escape Just don't cut the town if you've gone  If there is one thing that I'm guilty of It's loving and giving when you take too much If somebody asked how we died  Call it suicide Don't fabricate Just tell them baby It was suicide Don't sugarcoat it Just let them know  Oh baby Just let them know Just... 
I won't lie to you I know he's just not right for you And you can tell me if I'm off But I see it on your face When you say that he's the one that you want And you're spending all your time In this wrong situation And anytime you want it to stop  I know I can treat you better than he can And any girl like you deserves a gentleman Tell me why are we wasting time on all your wasted crime When you should be with me instead I know I can treat you better Better than he can  I'll stop time for you The second you say you'd like me to I just wanna give you the loving that you're missing Baby, just to wake up with you It'd be everything I need and this could be so different Tell me what you want to do  'Cause I know I can treat you better than he can And any girl like you deserves a gentleman Tell me why are we wasting time on all your wasted crime When you should be with me instead I know I can treat you better Better than he can Better than he can  Give me a sign, take my hand, we'll be fine Promise I won't let you down Just know that you don't have to do this alone Promise I'll never let you down  I know I can treat you better I know I can treat you better I know I can treat you better Promise I'll never let you down  'Cause I know I can treat you better than he can And any girl like you deserves a gentleman Tell me why are we wasting time on all your wasted crime When you should be with me instead I know I can treat you better Better than he can Better than he can Better than he can Better than he can Better than he can 
Turn away  If you could get me a drink  Of water 'cause my lips are chapped and faded  Call my aunt Marie  Help her gather all my things  And bury me in all my favorite colors  My sisters and my brothers  Still  I will not kiss you  'Cause the hardest part of this is leaving you   I will not kiss you (kiss you)  Lips are chapped and faded  Call my (call my)  (Turn away)  Lips are chapped and faded (faded)  Kiss you (kiss you)  Lips are chapped and faded  Call my (call my)  (Turn away)  Lips are chapped and faded (faded)   Now turn away  'Cause I'm awful just to see  And all my hairs abandoned all my body  All my agony  Know that I will never marry  Baby, I'm just soggy from the chemo  I'm counting down the days to go  This just ain't livin'  And I just hope you know   I will not kiss you (kiss you)  Lips are chapped and faded  Call my (Call my)  (Turn away)  Lips are chapped and faded (faded)  Kiss you (kiss you)  Lips are chapped and faded  Call my (Call my)  (Turn away)  Lips are chapped and faded (faded)   If you say (if you say)  Goodbye today (goodbye today)  I'll ask you to be true (I'll ask you to be true)  'Cause the hardest part of this is leaving you  Yes, the hardest part of this...   I will not kiss you (kiss you)  Lips are chapped and faded  Call my (Call my)  Lips are chapped and faded (faded)  Kiss you (kiss you)  Lips are chapped and faded  Call my (Call my)  Lips are chapped and faded (faded) 
Nobody ever knows Nobody ever sees I left my soul Back there now I'm too weak Most nights I pray for you to come home Praying to the Lord Praying for my soul  Now please don't go Most nights I hardly sleep when I'm alone Now please don't go, oh no I think of you whenever I'm alone So please don't go  'Cause I don't ever want to know Don't ever want to see things change 'Cause when I'm living on my own I'll wanna take it back and start again Most nights I pray for you to come home Praying to the Lord Praying for my soul  Now please don't go Most nights I hardly sleep when I'm alone Now please don't go, oh no I think of you whenever I'm alone So please don't go  (Oh oh oh) I send so many messages you don't reply (Oh oh oh) I gotta figure out what am I missing babe Singing now (Oh oh oh) And I need you now, I need your love (Oh oh oh)  Now please don't go Most nights I hardly sleep when I'm alone Now please don't go, oh no I think of you whenever I'm alone So please don't Please don't go  Please don't go Please don't go Please don't go I think of you whenever I'm alone So please don't go 
I don't wanna fight I just wanna leave without the right Ill never wonder why We couldn't see the signs  I would strip you bare, so aware And show you things you'd never speak of again Listen to your head Ill tell you what you've said  I get a burning when I'm next to you Must be a firesign And I'm learning how to deal with you Now that we're out of time Well its clear that somethings changed And I know we're both to blame I get a burning when I'm next to you Must be a firesign  All that matters now Is finding ways of working it all out Between the hurt and doubt I feel alive when your around And you could read the thoughts in my soul Connected by a silence growing cold Ill speak to you again And tell you what you've said  I get a burning when I'm next to you Must be a firesign And I'm learning how to deal with you Now that we're out of time Well its clear that somethings changed And I know we're both to blame - yeah I'm burning when I'm next to you Must be a firesign  Waiting for the sun Waiting for the sun Waiting for the sun Waiting for the sun! Waiting for the sun!  Its true that seasons change But you believe in us again Waiting for the sun Waiting for the sun  Its true that seasons change Waiting for the sun Waiting for the sun... 
When the rain is blowing in your face And the whole world is on your case I could offer you a warm embrace To make you feel my love  When the evening shadows and the stars appear And there is no one there to dry your tears I could hold you for a million years To make you feel my love  I know you haven't made your mind up yet But I will never do you wrong I've known it from the moment that we met No doubt in my mind where you belong  I'd go hungry, I'd go black and blue And I'd go crawling down the avenue No there's nothing that I wouldn't do To make you feel my love  The storms are raging on the rolling sea And on the highway of regret The winds of change are blowing wild and free You ain't seen nothing like me, yet  I could make you happy, make your dreams come true Nothing that I wouldn't do Go to the ends of the earth for you To make you feel my love To make you feel my love 
A warning sign, I missed the good part then I realized I started looking and the bubble burst I started looking for excuses Come on in, I've got to tell you what a state I'm in I've got to tell you in my loudest tones That I started looking for a warning sign  When the truth is I miss you Yeah, the truth is that I miss you so  A warning sign, you came back to haunt me and I realized That you were an island and I passed you by When you were an island to discover Come on in, I've got to tell you what a state I'm in I've got to tell you in my loudest tones That I started looking for a warning sign  When the truth is I miss you Yeah, the truth is that I miss you so And I'm tired, I should not have let you go  So I crawl back into your open arms Yes I crawl back into your open arms And I crawl back into your open arms Yes I crawl back into your open arms 
I remember tears streaming down your face When I said, "I'll never let you go" When all those shadows almost killed your light I remember you said, "Don't leave me here alone" But all that's dead and gone and passed tonight  Just close your eyes The sun is going down You'll be all right No one can hurt you now Come morning light You and I'll be safe and sound  Don't you dare look out your window Darling, everything's on fire The war outside our door keeps raging on Hold on to this lullaby Even when the music's gone, gone  Just close your eyes The sun is going down You'll be all right No one can hurt you now Come morning light You and I'll be safe and sound  Ooh, ooh, ahh, ahh Ooh, ooh, ahh, ahh  Just close your eyes You'll be all right Come morning light You and I'll be safe and sound  Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh... 
Please come back to me darling  I get restless when you're not around.  I made a noise with a frying pan but  There was no one to receive my sound   But that said, that said, I like it when you're gone.  That said, that said, I like when you're gone.   Took your route to the postbox even though I'm not convinced it's the best way.  Had a nap under some lonely tree as the sun kissed the day.   But that said, that said, I like it when you're gone.  That said, that said, I like when you're gone.   People talked some nonsense and I listened with blurry eyes.  It wasn't as cool as your nonsense and it wasn't under your skies  But that said, that said, I like it when you're gone.  That said, that said, I like when you're gone. 
Before she even falls asleep, I got one foot out the door One foot out the door I think she said her name but I was wasted I don't care anymore, one foot out the door Night after night, day after day Jack and coke smoking on the fire escape Is it too soon or is it too late  Am I crazy to think that I could be in love When it all ends up It all ends up wasted I'd give you my heart but I'd just fuck it up And we'd end up, we'd end up wasted  Try and numb the pain away I know hot to leave but not to stay I wonder if I will ever find, someone to fill me up inside Someone to kiss my fears away If I believed in God I'd pray To God I'd pray  Night after night, day after day Jack and coke smoking on the fire escape Is it too soon or is it too late 
Members Only, Volume... Volume 3 Uh  Won't fall my nigga, I slip not Won't fall my nigga, I slip not Won't fall my nigga, I slip not I won't be dead, misled ahead, I never break, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not Won't fall my nigga, I slip not, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not I won't be dead, misled ahead, I never break, uh  Lost in the pessimistic state of perception It's been hard to participate in natural instances And due to my history, I don't know what's next for me But keep my composure, fuck over anyone next to me If dean detriment told me love was for negligent Motherfuckers that can't seem to keep wearin' their head I'm not self-aware, I'm misled, I'm a hypocrite like the rest I will kill myself if it benefit all of my fucking friends I'm sorry mama, I didn't mean to fucking hurt you If I could test my worth, I'll show you heaven on this earth So if alive or in the dirt I swear to God, you'll be my first priority Before the hurt, that mean for better or for worse I said I didn't mean to fucking hurt you If I had to test my worth, I'll show you heaven on this earth So if alive or in the dirt I swear to God, you'll be my first priority Before the hurt, that mean for better or for worse I said  Won't fall my nigga, I slip not, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not I won't be dead, misled ahead, I never break, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not, uh Won't fall my nigga, I slip not I won't be dead, misled ahead, I never break, uh  Through the soulless pit, I never slip, I get a grip My mind drift to a place, where the devil lives My soul rise to the sky, made of abyss With the evidence, that I made with the elements Fuck your settlement, let's settle this now We tearing it down, we make these incredible sounds We cherish them now The pain that was never announced, we singin' it out They look around confused like they ain't figure it out  Oh, you can't run away From everything you made You try to erase Memories will fade 
Don't try to explain your mind I know what's happening here One minute it's love And suddenly it's like a battle-field  One word turns into a war Is it the smallest things that tear us down My world's nothing when you don't I'm out here without a shield; can't go back now  Both hands tied behind my back with nothing Oh no, these times when we climb so fast to fall again Why we gotta fall for it now  I never meant to start a war You know I never wanna hurt you Don't even know what we're fighting for  Why does love always feel like a battlefield, a battlefield, a battlefield? Why does love always feel like a battlefield, a battlefield, a battlefield? Why does love always feel like...  Can't swallow our pride, Neither of us wanna raise that flag, mhm If we can't surrender then We both gonna lose what we had, oh no  Both hands tied behind my back with nothing Oh no, these times when we climb so fast to fall again I don't wanna fall for it now  I never meant to start a war You know I never wanna hurt you Don't even know what we're fighting for  Why does love always feel like a battlefield, a battlefield, a battlefield? Why does love always feel like a battlefield, a battlefield, a battlefield?  I guess you better go and get your armor, (get your armor) get your armor I guess you better go and get your armor, (get your armor) get your armor I guess you better go and get your...  We could pretend that we are friends tonight (oh-oh-oh) And in the morning we'll wake up and we'll be all right Cause baby we don't have to fight And I don't want this love to feel like...  A battlefield, a battlefield, a battlefield, Why does love always feel like a battlefield, a battlefield, a battlefield?  I guess you better go and get your armor...  I never meant to start a war You know I never wanna hurt you Don't even know what we're fighting for (what are we fighting for?)  Why does love always feel like a battlefield, a battlefield, a battlefield? Why does love always feel like a battlefield, a battlefield, a battlefield?  I guess you better go and get your armor, (get your armor) get your armor I guess you better go and get your armor, (get your armor) get your armor  Why does love always feel like... Why does love always feel like... A battlefield, a battlefield  I never meant to start a war Don't even know what we're fighting for  I never meant to start a war Don't even know what we're fighting for 
A hundred days to make me older Since the last time that I saw your pretty face A thousand lies have made me colder And I don't think I can look at this the same  And all the miles that separate You disappeared and I'm dreaming of your face  I'm here without you, baby But you're still on my lonely mind I think about you, baby And I dream about you all the time  I'm here without you, baby But you're still with me in my dreams And tonight it's only you and me  The miles just keep rolling As the people leave and wave to say hello I've heard this life is overrated But I hope that it gets better as we go  Oho, yeah, yeah  I'm here without you, baby But you're still on my lonely mind I think about you, baby And I dream about you all the time  I'm here without you, baby But you're still with me in my dreams And tonight, girl, it's only you and me  Everything I know And anywhere I go It gets hard, but it won't take away my love  And when the last one falls When it's all said and done It gets hard, but it won't take away my love  I'm here without you, baby But you're still on my lonely mind I think about you, baby And I dream about you all the time  I'm here without you, baby But you're still with me in my dreams And tonight, girl, it's only you and me, yeah  Oh yeah 
I got knots all up in my chest (Up in my chest, up in my chest) Just know I'm trying my best (I'm trying my best) 'Cause when you look (When you look) When you laugh (When you laugh) When you smile (When you smile) I'll bring you back (Bring you back) And now I'm sad (Now I'm sad) And I'm a mess (And I'm a mess) And now we high (Now we high) That's why I left (why I left) That's why I left  Will your tongue still remember the taste of my lips? (My lips, my lips, my lips) Will your shadow remember the swing of my hips? (My hips, my hips, my hips) Will your lover caress you the way that I did? (I did, I did, I did) Will you notice my charm if he slips up one bit? (One bit)  'Cause I don't need to know I just wanna make sure you're okay (Okay) I don't need to know I just wanna make sure you're all safe All safe, all safe  Will he play you those songs just the way that I did? (I did, I did, I did) Will he play you so strong just the way that I did? (I did) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Will he treat you like shit just the way that I did? (I did, I did, I did) 'Cause I don't blame ya  'Cause I don't need to know I just want to make sure you're okay (Okay) I don't need to know I just want to make sure you're all safe 
Will When you try your best, but you don't succeed When you get what you want, but not what you need When you feel so tired, but you can't sleep Stuck in reverse And the tears come streaming down your face When you lose something you can't replace When you love someone, but it goes to waste Could it be worse?  Lights will guide you home And ignite your bones I will try to fix you  And high up above or down below When you're too in love to let it go But if you never try, you'll never know Just what you're worth  Will & Artie Lights will guide you home And ignite your bones I will try...  Will ...to fix you  New Directions Tears stream down your face When you lose something you cannot replace Tears stream down your face and I  Tears stream down your face I promise you and I will learn from my mistakes Tears stream down your face and I  Will Lights will guide you home And ignite your bones And I will try to fix you 
One more chain I break To get me closer to you One more chain does the maker make To keep me from bustin' through  One more notch I scratch To keep me thinkin' of you One more notch does the maker make Upon my face so blue  Get along, little doggies Get along, little doggies  One more smile I fake And try my best to be glad One more smile does the maker make Because he knows I'm sad  Oh Lord, how I know Oh Lord, how I see That only can the maker make A happy man of me  Get along little doggies Get along little doggies Get along 
Every night I remember that evening The way you looked when you said you were leaving The way you cried as you turned to walk away The cruel words and the false accusations The mean looks and the same old frustrations I never thought that we'd throw it all away But we threw it all away.  And I'm a little bit lost without you And I'm a bloody big mess inside And I'm a little bit lost without you This ain't a love song this is goodbye (ooh) This ain't a love song this is goodbye (ooh)  I've been lost, I've been out, I've been losing I've been tired, I'm all hurt and confusion I've been mad, I'm the kind of man that I'm not I'm going down, I'll be coming back fighting I may be scared and a little bit frightened But I'll be back, I'll be coming back to life I'll be coming back to life  And I'm a little bit lost without you And I'm a bloody big mess inside And I'm a little bit lost without you This ain't a love song this is goodbye (ooh) This ain't a love song this is goodbye (ooh)  Whoooo And you can try (you can try) And you can try but you'll never keep me down And you can try (you can try) And you can try but you'll never keep me down  La la la la la la la (I won't be lost, I won't be down)  And I'm a little bit lost without you And I'm a bloody big mess inside And I'm a little bit lost without you This ain't a love song this is goodbye  It's all right (It's all right) cause you can try but you'll never keep me down It's all right (It's all right) I may be lost but you'll never keep me down You can try (you can try) you can try but you'll never keep me down You can't try (you can try) I know I'm lost but I'm waiting to be found You'll never keep me down You'll never keep me down Never keep me down 
You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch)  You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch)  You little punk motherfucker do yo thang You bitch ass niggas won't do a thang So shut the fuck up and peep some game from me  You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch)  Yeah!, yeah!, yeah!, yeah! Well get yo hands up, get yo hands up Got damn it motherfucker get yo hands up [repeat 2x] Well throw yo click up, throw yo click up Got damn it motherfucker throw yo click up [repeat 2x] Well what you looking at, nigga what you looking at Nigga what you looking at, nigga what you looking at [repeat 2x] Now what you wanna do, what you wanna do Got damn it fuck nigga what yo wanna do [repeat 1x] Now what you wanna do (you scared) [repeat 2x] Well nigga FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU!  BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  Too $hort Pour me some Bombay and fire up that pine Its bout time somebody checked you you bitch ass punk I heard you slap ya woman 'cause she told ya the truth Real niggas bring out the ho in you Us pimp niggas get it down hoe The chin checker all you do is play the role nigga You just a actor, won't let a bitch breathe If she wanted to yawn She just a weak motherfucker so insecure How come she can't leave home without getting cursed out? Everytime you get mad you tell her get the fuck out Put I told that her, I said its cool Get at me Come by the house and get nasty I spit the real game I rode her in my caddy when she yelled my name I told her call me daddy Trick nigga if ya tell me you a player youse a liar Cause you never be like Willie Dynamite Supafly...  You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk motherfucking BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  Chyna Pump, pump, pump, pump Let no shots Double glock glock Nigga pop pop it don't stop in that dirty south Burn up the whole block that's what this here be bout Niggas living lowless, niggas labeled heartless Gone see who life the shortest Regardless this whole world to me is garabage Trying to reap my harvest I'm starving, let's live the life of ballin And still trying to find my calling, and make a change Look into my eyes, all you see is pain Look up in the sky all I see is rain Ain't no sunshine, call me a monkey But look I got K-9 bloodlines With P-9's and semiautos And guaranteed tomorrow 9th ward my burrow I represent the scum's Ate the crumbs Now I'm reaching for a new height Nothing but love and we crew tight Craving renew sight Hussle for food tight Who the dopest on the planet BI-ITCH Chyna White  BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH!(bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH!(bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH!(bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  You little punk motherfucker do ya thang You bitch ass niggas won't do a thang So shut the fuck up and peep some game from me Now you know to shut yo talk it is a shame Cause you and yo group won't do a thang The SHIT that you talking sounds the same to me  BI-ITCH! [echoes] 
(What the heart wants...) (The heart wants...) (What the heart wants...)  You got me sippin' on something I can't compare to nothing I've ever known, I'm hoping That after this fever I'll survive I know I'm acting a bit crazy Strung out, a little bit hazy Hand over heart, I'm praying That I'm gonna make it out alive  The bed's getting cold and you're not here The future that we hold is so unclear But I'm not alive until you call And I'll bet the odds against it all Save your advice 'cause I won't hear You might be right but I don't care There's a million reasons why I should give you up But the heart wants what it wants The heart wants what it wants  You got me scattered in pieces Shining like stars and screaming Lighting me up like Venus But then you disappear and make me wait And every second's like torture Heroin drip, no more so Finding a way to let go Baby, baby no I can't escape  The bed's getting cold and you're not here The future that we hold is so unclear But I'm not alive until you call And I'll bet the odds against it all Save your advice 'cause I won't hear You might be right but I don't care There's a million reasons why I should give you up But the heart wants what it wants The heart wants what it wants The heart wants what it wants The heart wants what it wants  This is a modern fairytale No happy endings No wind in our sails But I can't imagine a life without Breathless moments Breaking me down, down, down, down   The bed's getting cold and you're not here The future that we hold is so unclear But I'm not alive until you call And I'll bet the odds against it all Save your advice 'cause I won't hear You might be right but I don't care There's a million reasons why I should give you up But the heart wants what it wants The heart wants what it wants The heart wants what it wants The heart wants what it wants  The heart wants what it wants baby It wants what it wants baby It wants what it wants It wants what it wants  The heart wants what it wants baby It wants what it wants baby... 
There's someone else  Let it go I just can't forget about her How do you know if you can really be sure But I can't move on I'm sorry that I loved her first She's the only one she's the only one I want  There's (I can't believe I feel this way) Some (I can't believe what I'm about to say) One (I can't believe I feel this way) Else  Let it go I just can't forget about her How do you know if you can really be sure But I can't move on I'm sorry that I loved her first She's the only one she's the only one I want  Let it go I just can't forget about her How do you know if you can really be sure But I can't move on I'm sorry that I loved her first She's the only one she's the only one I want 
To find, to find the exact words, to find the perfect words To say less, but to say more, was ideal with this project And till my energy and mind be felt, in a less aggressive way But a more passive and genius way was ideal with this album To show the versatility and to show th- to open minds in itself was the goal of this album And to acquire a large amount of passion And love and appreciation for myself was the goal of this album Loyalty to myself was the goal of this album So, I'll offer this warning and set of instructions If you are not open-minded before you listen to this album, open your mind If you don't listen to the alternative sound And you've never been into the alternative sound And have not been open to trying different things Open your mind before you listen to this album You can listen to it anywhere, preferably your room, your car, but it can be played anywhere This album is far different, far more versatile, far more uplifting than the last It's something you can find comfort in, it's very comforting, but discomforting at the same time So, with this project, again, you're entering my mind Feeling my insanity, feeling my genius, my energy Enjoy 
Before I lay me down to sleep I pray the Lord my soul to keep I hope it's not too late for me, whoa Before I lay me down to sleep I pray the Lord my soul to keep I hope it's not too late for me, whoa  Difference, changing in the distance Time consumes the image, oh Difference, changing in the distance Time consumes our image, whoa  Before I lay me down to sleep I pray the Lord my soul to keep I hope it's not too late for me, whoa Before I lay me down to sleep I pray the Lord my soul to keep I hope it's not too late for me, whoa 
(The last text I wrote for this record 'cause I wanted to express strong and breathing material, which (almost) represents all those feelings and pictures-both old and new-I 've collected inside my nebulous well, and only waiting to be released or to be burnt down on paper. Every word of it (except the end of the lyric, which is the continuation of "Absurdum") is more than a simple " poetic" word.)  Whisper of Moth-wings I see walls sweating blood Mirror in Mirror Virgin girl and Corvus corax Daemons drawn by one line The chopped-off hands of Durer blossom Jesusface as negative Forest of empty beds A man falls on his knees, with a barrel of a gun under his chin Neuroses bloom in Evanescene The haemorrhage of Sun on retinae Hanged man on the apple tree Feathers falling outside the Circle The touch of Serpent's skin, while it's sliding out from the warm vagina  (A hallucination without any sense, an imitation of an apparition: "I walk among the crowd as wolf among sheep.Grotesque little beings appeare before me, pointing at a "hole" in the air. A black hole, like a paper burst through, floating in two dimension between earth and Nothing.This strange rent::the origin of Ethereal Equilibrium.)  Body flayed, skin deprived Just breathing Flesh, Tendon, Bone My infinite blood dyes the white crowd of the Ziplipped I touch them 
Somebody tell me where gordie went He's way down south just living in a tent Smokes marijuana sleeps all day Somebody tell me why gordie went away  His brothers playing music in a rock and roll band Working in a basement trying to give himself a hand He makes no money has a lot of fun You never see that boy sitting in the sun  Hold on I want to watch the river flow Hold on I don't know where it goes How come a man do what he do, do what he do...  Sarah's got a man and he's building a house Somebody's money gonna be their boss Build a wooden house put it on a hill When they have a child they should call him little will  Jimmy sings better than the rest of his band But he still plays harp like a back up man Stage is getting bigger jimmy's still small When jimmy sings he sounds ten feet tall  Nobody knows when it all comes down You make your plans and they turn out wrong I don't mind growing old, that's just the way things go Good men just go with their hearts, when it all comes down When it all comes down, when it all comes down...  Some get married and some get religion Every other day they got to make a big decision Ride trains get plain move to California Call me on the phone you know I would have warned you  Now I got a friend who knows what it means Got a hammer in his hand and he's building a dream I asked him once how I'd ever get through He looked me in the eyes and said, "DO WHAT YOU DO" 
I hear a million voices in my head Telling me things I should have said I don't know why I let you go Oh, I learned the hard way Tell me it's not to late  Now my arms are open wide They're hanging forever there Waiting forever for you I won't give up on you this time 'Cause I ain't holding on, for nobody else  It's gotta be you When you walked away my heart tried to replace ya With someone like you But I could never find it I don't want to find it It's gotta be you  I wish I could turn back the time The power is yours and never mine Maybe with time you'll see that I can give you all the things you missed Oh, no, no  Now my arms are open wide And I ain't holding on, for nobody else  It's gotta be you When you walked away my heart tried to replace ya With someone like you But I could never find it I don't want to find it It's gotta be you  You don't have to answer right now Baby, go and take your time 'Cause I'll be here  It's gotta be you It's gotta be you It's gotta be you  When you walked away my heart tried to replace ya With someone like you But I could never find it I don't want to find it  It's gotta be you It's gotta be you  I don't want nobody else Nobody else but you Oh, it's gotta be you 
Yeah, turn that up I ain't really finna tell y'all how to get away with murder and shit Forever, forever, forever  Forever, forever-ever baby Would you love me, forever-ever baby Would you fuck me, forever-ever baby Would you kiss me, forever-ever baby Top floor, I was in the nosebleed Like I just dropped diamonds I'm flushing None of these niggas can smoke me easy Tour bus smoking on that musty  Know I been in love for a while You gon' make me fall in love for a while Hop in the SLS for a while Baby girl got me so obsessed for a while babe You gon' really have to hold me fucking down babe 'Cause I ain't with the fuckery that playing round babe Unless we playing in the sheets, baby mad laid Forever-ever in them cheeks, baby mad cake Forever-ever getting cheese, baby mad cake Yeah, getting mad cake Yeah, getting cheese getting mad cake Dick down baby bust it on your whole face AP, had to go and ice the whole face Yeah, nigga fresher than some Colgate Hanging with some big gorillas, yeah, they go ape Talk down, pussy nigga be cold case Yeah 'cause I'm forever a thug, ever a thug Baby I'm forever in love, ever in love Make me feel better with love When I said I love you, bitch, I say that with love  Yeah I'm forever a thug, ever a thug Baby I'm forever in love, ever in love Make you feel better with love, better with love When I said I love you, you bitch I said it with love yeah I'm watching the highs get hypnotized We Bonnie and Clyde but except the shots Speaking of shots I Silkk The Shocker mindset bitch Diamonds so Actavis bottles your T-Rex shit This money'll change your friends but your girl love it But believing the bitch is a sin so I don't remember that Pimp dress talk, I can make that work walk I'm a gangsta, you a cop nigga bad luck  Would you love me, forever-ever baby Would you fuck me, forever-ever baby Would you kiss me, forever-ever baby Top floor, I was in the nosebleed Like I just dropped diamonds I'm flushing None of these niggas can smoke me easy Tour bus smoking on that musty  I need the racks, the cheddar, forever-ever I need them bands, them bands, forever-ever Why you playin' with this ice now, forever-ever Oh, no no no Imma never let her If he don't love you like he should I can love you better Oh, if he don't fuck you like he should I can fuck you better Put the busses out the lot, put the brakes on the pedal Just know that this drip lasts forever Just know that this drip lasts forever Just know that this drip lasts forever Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah Forever, forever, forever, forever 
You're everything I thought you never were And nothing like I thought you could've been But still you lived inside of me So tell me how is that  You're the only one I wish I could forget The only one I loved and not forgive And though you've break my heart You're the only one  And though there are times when I hate you 'Cause I can't erase The times that you hurt me And put tears on my face And even now I hate you it pains me to say I know I'll be there at the end of the day  I don't wanna be without you baby I don't want a broken heart Don't wanna take a breath without you baby I don't want to play that part I know that I love you but let me just say I don't wanna love you in no kind of way, no no I don't want a broken heart I don't want to play the broken-hearted girl, no no No broken-hearted girl  I'm no broken-hearted girl  There's something that I feel I need to say But up till now I've always been afraid That you would never come around And still I wanna put this out You say you got the most respect for me But sometimes I feel your not deserving of me And still you're in my heart But you're the only one  And yes there are times when I hate you But I don't complain 'Cause I've been afraid that you would walk away Oh but now I don't hate you I'm happy to say That I will be there at the end of the day  I don't wanna be without you babe I don't want a broken heart Don't wanna take a breath without you baby I don't want to play that part I know that I love you but let me just say I don't wanna love you in no kind of way, no no I don't want a broken heart I don't want to play the broken-hearted girl No, no, no broken-hearted girl  Now I'm at a place I thought I'd never be, ooh I'm living in a world that's all about you and me, mmm yeah I ain't got to be afraid, my broken heart is free To spread my wings and fly away Away without you  Yeah yeah yeah, oh oh...  I don't wanna be without my baby I don't want a broken heart Don't wanna take a breath without my baby I don't want to play that part I know that I love you but let me just say I don't wanna love you in no kind of way, no no I don't want a broken heart I don't want to play the broken-hearted girl No, no, no broken-hearted girl Broken-hearted girl, no, no No broken-hearted girl No broken-hearted girl 
I don't wanna hold your gaze I'm scared what I might see there Found myself in this place And I'm a burning fire  Oh peace may come I hope it won't take long Just a thing I cannot see, oh Bring me hope I'm in here all alone Just me and my melody  So free me, oh free me From this pain I've been running from I'm tired and I'm free falling Free me, oh free me From this shame I've been running from I'm lost and I am calling you I'm lost and I am calling I'm lost and I am calling  Oh I, I'm heading way back down I'm slipping even further Take my hand and turn me around 'Cause I'm listening to myself  Oh peace may come I hope it won't take long Just a thing I cannot see, oh Bring me hope I'm in here all alone Just me and my melody  So free me, oh free me From this pain I've been running from I'm tired and I'm free falling Free me, oh free me From this shame I've been running from I'm lost and I am calling you  I'm calling you And though I can't undo All the things I put you through I can take your hand Admit that I don't have a plan Only you  Oh free me, free me From this pain I've been running from I'm tired and I'm free falling Free me, free me From this shame I've been running from I'm lost and I am calling you  Free me I'm lost and I am calling Free me, free me From this shame I've been running from I'm lost and I am calling you 
I'm building this house on the moon Like a lost astronaut Looking at you, like a star From a place, the world forgot  And there is nothing that I can do Except bury my love for you  The brightness of the sun Will give me just enough To bury my love In the moon dust I long to hear your voice But still I make the choice To bury my love In the moondust  Nothing can breathe, in this space Colder than the darkest sea I have dreams about the days Driving through, your sunset breeze  But the first thing that I will do Is bury my love for you  The brightness of the sun Will give me just enough To bury my love In the moon dust I long to hear your voice But still I make the choice To bury my love In the moondust  I'm a cast-away And then reap what they sow And I'll say what I know to be true Yeah, I'm living far away On the face of the moon I've buried my love To give the world to you  The brightness of the sun Will give me just enough To bury my love In the moon dust I long to hear your voice But still I make the choice To bury my love In the moondust  I bury my love, in the moondust, yeah... 
He don't know how to lie or undermine you He don't know how to steal How to deal or deceive So leave him alone Set him free 'Cause he's speaking with the angel Speaking with the angel that only he can see You'd say he's so helpless But what about you? You don't pull the string Don't you know anything? Leave him alone, let him be 'Cause he's speaking with the angel Speaking with the angel that only he can see  Would you teach him 'bout heaven? Would you show him how to love the earth? Would you poison him with prejudice From the moment of his birth?  He in the name of love He in the blood of lamb He that never lays blame He don't even know his name So leave him alone Set him free 'Cause he's speaking with the angel Speaking with the angel (the very one) That spoke to you and me Oh do you remember? 
I promise that I'll hold you when it's cold out And we'll lose our winter coats in the spring 'Cause lately I was thinking I never told you That every time I see you my heart sings 'Cause we lived at the carnival in summer Scared ourselves to death on a ghost train And just like every ferris wheel stops turning Oh, I guess we had an expiration date So I won't say I love you, it's too late  Oh  'Cause every time I saw you I got nervous Shivering and shaking at the knees And just like every song I haven't heard yet, no I didn't know the words in front of me In front of me  Oh, but I don't wanna know But who will take you home Who will take you home Who will take you home If I let you go  Oh  And now that you're on someone else's shoulders The winter winds are colder on my own Maybe we will meet when we get older Maybe we won't So I won't say I love if you don't No you don't So I won't say I love you if you don't 
Don't be that way Fall apart twice a day I just wish you could feel what you say Show, never tell But I know you too well Kind of mood that you wish you could sell  If teardrops could be bottled There'd be swimming pools filled by models Told a tight dress is what makes you a whore  If "I love you" was a promise Would you break it, if you're honest Tell the mirror what you know she's heard before I don't wanna be you anymore  Hands getting cold Losing feeling's getting old Was I made from a broken mold? Hurt, I can't shake We've made every mistake Only you know the way that I break  If teardrops could be bottled There'd be swimming pools filled by models Told a tight dress is what makes you a whore  If "I love you" was a promise Would you break it, if you're honest Tell the mirror what you know she's heard before I don't wanna be you I don't wanna be you I don't wanna be you... anymore 
I'm sorry, Can't make your party I'll be busy burning  And I'm afraid I'd kill your lover While your back was turned  Oh  So this is where you wanted to be And it's a goddamn shame that you're not here with me And I can't see your face anymore But if I could, it wouldn't look like before Look like  The thought of your hands On his chest Makes my stomach itch  And I see pictures now Of the two of you And it makes me sick  Oh  Damn, I love you Damn, I love you Damn, I love you Damn, I love Damn, I love Damn, I love Damn, I love You 
Nobody sees Nobody knows We are a secret can't be exposed That's how it is  That's how it goes Far from the others Close to each other That's when we uncover  In the daylight in the daylight When the sun is shining  On a late night, on a late night When the moon is blinding  In plain sight  Plain sight Like stars in hiding  You and I burn on  Put 2 and 2 gether 4ever We'll never change 2 and 2 gether We'll never change  Nobody sees  Nobody knows We are a secret can't be exposed That's how it is That's how it goes Far from the others Close to each other That's when we uncover  My asylum - My asylum Is in your arms When the worlds gives heavy burdens I can bare a thousand tons On your shoulder - on your shoulder I can reach an endless sky Feels like paradise  Put 2 and 2 gether 4ever We'll never change 2 and 2 gether We'll never change  Nobody sees  Nobody knows We are a secret can't be exposed That's how it is That's how it goes Far from the others Close to each other That's when we uncover  We could build a universe right here All the world could disappear Wouldn't notice, wouldn't care  We could build a universe right here The world could disappear Yeah I just need you near  Nobody sees Nobody knows We are a secret can't be exposed That's how it is That's how it goes Far from the others Close to each other That's when we uncover 
Oh  5:15 is just a train 5:24 it leaves the station again Tell me why did she go  The 5:15 is just a line Big Mac train took the girl of mine Tell me where does she go Tell me where does she go  What big dreams we had Now I watch those dreams all fade and die What big plans we had Now I watch those trains go rolling by Rolling by Rolling by  I'm watching the trains The trains Ooh  5:15 is just a train 5:24 it leaves the station again Tell me why did she go Tell me why did she go  I'm watching the trains The trains The trains, the trains, the trains The trains, the trains, the trains, the trains Ooh 
Leandoer, Sadboys Never Sadboys  Ice dropping, red bottom sky Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why Ice dropping, red bottom sky Ice on my feet, I keep slipping (slipping away) Ice dropping, red bottom sky Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why Ice dropping, red bottom sky Ice on my feet, I keep slipping (slipping away)  Soldiers in the night and we lurking Medieval flowers in my church, we working I'm in the bottom, let's be silver surfer surfing I lived a thousand lives, but I'm still searching (where they at?) Broken glass in my hands, sister's twerking Money on the floor and she nervous Paint a picture like Van Gogh, I'm cursed man Skrrt skrrt to the moon, bitch, I'm swerving (skrrt) Hit the curve and my shit is hurting I was down, so deep down but time's turning (darkness on my) Darkness in my mind, flip the mattress, I got dough Harvest on my line, I live the story I was told  Ice dropping, red bottom sky Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why Ice dropping, red bottom sky Ice on my feet, I keep slipping (slipping away) Ice dropping, red bottom sky Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why Ice dropping, red bottom sky Ice on my feet, I keep slipping (slipping away)  I heard shooters on the roof, yeah they're trynna shoot you I'm in a dark room, candles singing hallelujah You think I'm gone too much, well, I think I suit you You say I'm in my mind too much, well, I know that suits you I lost everything, only thing I'm scared is to lose you I heard voices in my head, yeah, they whispered to us Paranoid, sledgehammer, that's my Ruger Woke up, realized I had to move up Worked myself away everyday, now my loot up But the truth is, I wish I never knew us God of violence, pink dreams in my two cup I've told you this was gonna end, but I fooled you  Ice dropping, red bottom sky Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why Ice dropping, red bottom sky Ice on my feet, I keep slipping Ice dropping, red bottom sky Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why Ice dropping, red bottom sky Ice on my feet, I keep slipping  Feels like I'm walking on water, not wine Cut off my fingers to touch your smile Feels like I'm walking on water, not wine Cut off my fingers to touch your smile  Ice dropping, red bottom sky Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why Ice dropping, red bottom sky Ice on my feet, I keep slipping (slipping away) Ice dropping, red bottom sky Intrigued by the moment, look like she know why Ice dropping, red bottom sky Ice on my feet, I keep slipping 
All around me are familiar faces Worn-out places, worn-out faces Bright and early for their daily races Going nowhere, going nowhere  Their tears are filling up their glasses No expression, no expression Hide my head, I want to drown my sorrow No tomorrow, no tomorrow  And I find it kind of funny, I find it kind of sad The dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had I find it hard to tell you, I find it hard to take When people run in circles it's a very, very  Mad world Mad world  Children waiting for the day they feel good Happy birthday, happy birthday And I feel the way that every child should Sit and listen, sit and listen  Went to school and I was very nervous No one knew me, no one knew me Hello, teacher, tell me, what's my lesson? Look right through me, look right through me  And I find it kind of funny, I find it kind of sad The dreams in which I'm dying are the best I've ever had I find it hard to tell you, I find it hard to take When people run in circles it's a very, very  Mad world Mad world Enlarging your world Mad world 
I see nothing out the window, window Nothing out the window Watching all the leaves grow, leaves grow Feels better in my dreams though, dreams though  And the sun will shine no more The sun will shine no more I've been holding on too long Holding on too--  I know when the wind blows, wind blows Feels better in my dreams though, dreams though I just wanna sleep forever Please just let me leave forever  I don't need an antidote, antidote I don't need an antidote, antidote I don't need need an antidote, forever (Forever, forever)  We don't wanna drive slow, drive slow Speed up with our eyes closed, eyes closed  Eyes closed Eyes closed Head down Eyes closed Ice cold Melt down 
Look at all the people looking at she Floating round the room like she's living on the TV We all end up watching her and then she thinks we're fans But she isn't even famous she just acts like we should kiss her ass She's so full of herself I'd like to thank her for the show And she'll thank the Academy For recognizing what she already knows Who can satisfy It's so hard to be society's dream You might hate the type But she amuses me Tell her you could have her and she might owe you a kiss She's another case of Leading Lady-itis Already talking to her is like talking to a wall Because she has so many day jobs, there's nothing really there at all Standing (standing) Waiting (waiting) Laughing (laughing) Fading (fading) Lady (lady) She waited too long And had to run home And hang up the phone Cause time is too expensive dear She's so full of herself (x 9) 
In the morning When you wake up I Like to believe you are Thinking of me And when the sun comes Through your window I Like to believe you've been Dreaming of me  Dreaming, mmm  I know 'Cause I've spent Half this morning Thinking about the T-shirt you sleep in I should know 'Cause I'd spend Oh the whole day Listening to your message I'm keeping And never deleting  When I saw you Everyone knew I Liked the affect that you Had on my eyes But no one else heard The way of your words Or felt the affect that they Have on my mind  Falling, mmm  I know 'Cause I've spent Half this morning Thinking about the T-shirt you sleep in I should know 'Cause I'd spend Oh the whole day Listening to your message I'm keeping And never deleting 
Come up to meet you Tell you I'm sorry You don't know how lovely you are  I had to find you Tell you I need you Tell you I set you apart  Tell me your secrets And ask me your questions Oh let's go back to the start  Running in circles Coming up tails Heads on a science apart  Nobody said it was easy It's such a shame for us to part Nobody said it was easy No one ever said it would be this hard  Oh take me back to the start  I was just guessing At numbers and figures Pulling your puzzles apart  Questions of science Science and progress Could not speak as loud as my heart  Tell me you love me Come back and haunt me Oh when I rush to the start  Running in circles Chasing tails Coming back as we are  Nobody said it was easy Oh it's such a shame for us to part Nobody said it was easy No one ever said it would be so hard  I'm going back to the start 
Your subtleties they strangle me  I can't explain myself at all  And all the wants, and all the needs All I don't want to need at all   The walls start breathing, my mind's unweaving Maybe it's best you leave me alone A weight is lifted on this evening  I give the final blow  When darkness turns to light It ends tonight, it ends tonight  A falling star, at least I fall alone  I can't explain what you can't explain  You're finding things that you didn't know I look at you with such disdain  The walls start breathing, my mind's unweaving  Maybe it's best you leave me alone  A weight is lifted on this evening  I give the final blow   When darkness turns to light  It ends tonight, it ends tonight  Just a little insight won't make this right  It's too late to fight, it ends tonight, it ends tonight  Now I'm on my own side  It's better than being on your side  It's my fault when you're blind  It's better that I see it through your eyes   All these thoughts locked inside  Now you're the first to know   When darkness turns to light  It ends tonight, it ends tonight  Just a little insight won't make this right  It's too late to fight, it ends tonight It ends when darkness turns to light  It ends tonight, it ends tonight  Just a little insight won't make this right  It's too late to fight, it ends tonight, it ends tonight Tonight, insight  When darkness turns to light it ends tonight 
When you see trouble in her eyes And you've noticed but only realized It's not fading how ever hard you try 'Cause it's built in her for her life  I'm not alone You said I'm not alone  She takes the night bus home She's not faced by the darkness in her soul And you barely catch a glimpse of her 'Cause she's wrapped tightly hiding in her clothes  I'm not alone She said I'm not alone  The strangers and they're walking my way And I'm talking to myself The strangers and they're walking my way And I'm talking to myself The strangers and they're walking my way And I'm talking to myself  She said I'm not alone 
I am short of breath Standing next to you. I am out of my depth At this altitude.  Like the world makes sense From a window seat, You are beautiful Like I've never seen.  Go ahead and laugh, Even if it hurts, Go ahead and pull the pin. What if we could risk Everything we have, And just let our walls cave in?  I am short of breath Standing next to you. I'll be the dangerous ledge You be the parachute.  The blue and green below Is a masterpiece, But you are beautiful Like I've never seen.  Go ahead and laugh, Even if it hurts, Go ahead and pull the pin. What if we could risk Everything we have, And just let our walls cave in? Go ahead and laugh, Even if it hurts, Go ahead and pull the pin. What if we could risk Everything we have, And just let our walls cave in?  Let our walls cave in. Let our walls cave in. 
I'm far away I took a rocket trip to mars I flew away 'cause life on earth was too harsh on me When you were around, I found life moved along on a breeze Then you went away and the air turned thick and hard to breathe  I'm far away I'm floating high above it all I flew away 'cause from up here all seems so small, so plain I walked on the moon but too soon I couldn't stand the view I turned to the sun and the stars but they all shone down on you  And I know that I fooled around I was wrong but I can't go back in time And I know that you would do the same Same rules for both parts of the game  We played with the cards, we broke our hearts We played with the cards, we broke our hearts  I'm far away I took a rocket trip to mars I flew away left all behind except some scars from you Only high up here I can give my foggy minds some peace But deep down I fear the day the dream of us will cease And give my mind some peace  And I know that I fooled around I was wrong but I can't go back in time And I know that you would do the same Same rules for both parts of the game  We played with the cards, we broke our hearts We played with the cards, we broke  You left me alone in this world You left me alone in this world  I flew away, I flew away far Entre toi et moi c'est cassé Plus rien n'ira  And I know that I fooled around I was wrong but I can't go back in time But I know that you would do the same Same rules for both parts of the game  We played with the cards, we broke our hearts We played with the cards, we broke  And I know that I fooled around I was wrong but I can't go back in time And I know that you would do the same Same rules for both parts of the game  We played with the cards, we broke our hearts We played with the cards, we broke 
Unfortunately, we are not licensed to display the full lyrics for this song at the moment. Hopefully we will be able to in the future. Until then... how about a random page? 
I know you have your good side, oh, I know you have Even at your worst, you, you're not so bad  But when you had the choice, you chose someone else When you had the choice, you chose someone else Someone else  I don't wanna meet ya, I don't wanna talk 'Cause I don't wanna know that nothing's changed at all You don't need a reason, this is not your fault I don't wanna know, I don't wanna know I don't wanna know  My everyday reminder, walking by your house That I'm the outsider in your crowd  'Cause when you had the choice, you chose someone else When you had the choice, you chose someone else Someone else  I don't wanna meet ya, I don't wanna talk 'Cause I don't wanna know that nothing's changed at all You don't need a reason, this is not your fault I don't wanna know, I don't wanna know I don't wanna know  And I tell my Mom I feel like the odd one out Then she says that no one really likes Junior High And I believe her, yeah, I believe her And if I run into you in the same old bar I'll say, "It's totally cool, I'm not hurt at all" "It's good to see you, so good to see you"  But I don't wanna meet ya, I don't wanna talk 'Cause I don't wanna know that nothing's changed at all You don't need a reason, this is not your fault I don't wanna know, no, I don't wanna know I don't wanna know  I don't wanna know I don't wanna know I don't wanna know 
Time, time is running out And your life, yes, your life is still in doubt Well, it's all up to you Everything you say and do Will you face the truth Or be lost in certain doom  Are you ready? Are you ready for the Lord If He comes in the night? Are you ready? Are you ready for the Lord If He comes in the night for you?  You, you all playing with fire If you choose, if you choose to waste your time 'Cause the day of the Lord Is a day that's close at hand So don't wait anymore This could be your final chance  Are you ready? Are you ready for the Lord If He comes in the night? Are you ready Are you ready for the Lord If He comes in the night for you? 
Hey girl what's up, looks like you're good to go Hop in, lets ride, take it down this road You couldn't look any hotter Reach on back and grab a bottle Girl, let's get this party started  You look just like a little angel baby But I know you love a little danger, baby Everything about you girl is just my style You got some wild in your smile  If this crowd don't rock, we'll take it somewhere else I won't complain if I get you to myself Something tells me you don't care You're up for goin' anywhere As long as that wind's blowin' through your hair  You look just like a little angel baby But I know you love a little danger, baby Everything about you girl is just my style You got some wild in your smile  You might have your mom and daddy fooled You know just how, just how to play it cool I know something that they don't Girl I know just what you want Tonight We're gonna find it down this road we're on...  Cause, You look just like a little angel baby But I know you love a little danger, baby Everything about you girl is just my style You look just like a little angel baby But I know you love a little danger, baby Everything about you girl is just my style Yeah, you've got some wild in your smile Some wild in your smile 
I'd like to say "I'm okay", but I'm not I try, but I fall, close my mind, turn it off But I can't be sober, I cannot sleep You've got your peace now, but what about me?   Thought we had the time, had our lives Now you'll never get older, older Didn't say goodbye, now I'm frozen in time Getting colder, colder   One last word One last moment To ask you why You left me here behind You said you'd grow old with me   We had plans, we had visions, now I can't see ahead We were one, we were golden, forever, you said But I can't be sober, I cannot sleep You've got your peace now, but what about me?   Thought we had the time, had our lives Now you'll never get older, older Didn't say goodbye, now I'm frozen in time Getting colder, colder   One last word One last moment To ask you why You left me here behind You said you'd grow old with me   Thought we had the time, had our lives Now you'll never get older, older Didn't say goodbye, now I'm frozen in time Getting colder, colder   Just one last word One last moment To ask you why You left me here behind You said you'd grow old with me 
If I could fly, I'd be coming right back home to you I think I might give up everything, just ask me to Pay attention, I hope that you listen 'cause I let my guard down Right now I'm completely defenseless  For your eyes only, I show you my heart For when you're lonely and forget who you are I'm missing half of me when we're apart Now you know me, for your eyes only For your eyes only  I've got scars, even though they can't always be seen And pain gets hard, but now you're here and I don't feel a thing Pay attention, I hope that you listen 'cause I let my guard down Right now I'm completely defenseless  For your eyes only, I show you my heart For when you're lonely and forget who you are I'm missing half of me when we're apart Now you know me, for your eyes only For your eyes only  I can feel your heart inside of mine (I feel it, I feel it) I've been going out of my mind (I feel it I feel it) Know that I'm just wasting time And I hope that you don't run from me  For your eyes only, I show you my heart For when you're lonely and forget who you are I'm missing half of me when we're apart Now you know me, for your eyes only For your eyes only, I show you my heart For when you're lonely and forget who you are I'm missing half of me when we're apart Now you know me, for your eyes only For your eyes only For your eyes only 
Am I better off dead? Am I better off a quitter? They say I'm better off now than I ever was with her As they take me to my local down the street I'm smiling but I'm dying trying not to drag my feet  They say a few drinks will help me to forget her But after one too many I know that I'm never Only they can see where this is gonna end And they all think I'm crazy but to me it's perfect sense  And my mates are all there trying to calm me down 'Cause I'm shouting your name all over the town I'm swearing if I go there now I can change your mind turn it all around  I know that I'm drunk but I'll say the words And she'll listen this time even though they're slurred So I dialed her number and confessed to her  I'm still in love but all I heard was nothing  So I stumble there, along the railings and the fences I know if I'm face to face that she'll come to her senses  Every drunk step I take leads me to her door If she sees how much I'm hurting she'll take me back for sure  And my mates are all there trying to calm me down 'Cause I'm shouting your name all over the town I'm swearing if I go there now I can change your mind turn it all around  And I know that I'm drunk but I'll say the words And she'll listen this time even though they're slurred So I dialed her number and confessed to her  I'm still in love but all I heard was nothing  She said nothing Oh I wanted words but all I heard was nothing Oh I got nothing Nothing I got nothing Nothing Oh I wanted words but all I heard was nothing  Oh, sometimes love is intoxicating Oh, you're coming down, Your hands are shaking When you realize there's no one waiting  Am I better off dead? Am I better off a quitter? They say I'm better off now Than I ever was with her  And my mates are all there trying to calm me down 'Cause I'm shouting your name all over the town I'm swearing if I go there now I can change your mind turn it all around  And I know that I'm drunk but I'll say the words And she'll listen this time even though they're slurred So I dialed her number and confessed to her  I'm still in love but all I heard was nothing  She said nothing Oh I wanted words but all I heard was nothing Oh I got nothing Nothing I got nothing Nothing  Oh I wanted words but all I heard was nothing Oh I got nothing I got nothing I got nothing 
Why don't you hide and I'll count to ten? I hope I don't mess it up by then.  Fools rush in but the snail got crushed And I went and lost my cool.   Oh I've got some thinking to do.   Granny May said 'love is okay but don't let it trouble your flow'  Too many candles could finish it off but don't die curious.   Oh I've got some thinking to do.   I saw some lovers argue on the street like they were in a living room.  I was left to figure it out, who ran away with who?   Oh I've got some thinking to do.  I've got some thinking to do.  I've got some thinking to do. 
I cannot escape, or put my mind at ease. With all these restless nights. Oh, how they destroy me. Devouring all of my love. To get back to a place I know I've been dreaming of.  In my brain I wish I tasted all the flesh of the world, Lick the skin off of my fellow man. I can't tell you all the times I thought about trying you. I'm overwhelmed, I'm overwhelmed.  Am I still human? Does my heart still beat? Knowing my evil thoughts, they aren't enough. This isn't me. And all that's left are bones and skulls. Leaving me with a sense of loss, a lack of hope. There's no hope.  Ignore the signs so I can get away with my fantasy. So I can live my life with my disease In my brain I wish I tasted all the flesh of the world, Lick the skin off of my fellow man. I can't tell you all the times I thought about trying you. I'm overwhelmed, I'm overwhelmed. 
The book of love is long and boring No one can live to that thing It's full of charts, and facts and figures And instructions for dancing  And I, I love it, when you read to me And you, You can read me anything  The book of love has music in it, In fact that's where music comes from. Some of it's just transcedental Some of it's just really dumb  And I, I love it when you sing to me And you, You can sing me anything (yeah) You can sing me anything  The book of love is long and boring And written many years ago It's full of flowers and heartshaped boxes, And things we're all too young to know.  And I, I love it when you give me things, And you,  You ought to give me, wedding rings. You ought to give me wedding rings. You ought to give me, wedding rings. 
Sometimes, when I don't know where I stand You make me feel like I'm a boy and not a man There are times when you don't give me a smile I lie awake at night and worry for a while  It's ok, 'cause I know You shine even on a rainy day And I can find your halo Guides me to wherever you fall If you need a hand to hold I'll come running, because You and I won't part till we die You should know We see eye to eye, heart to heart  There are times when I cry, 'cause you shed no tears And I'm so far away, but your body's right here There are times when I just walked out your door And thought I'd never get to see you anymore  It's ok, 'cause I know You shine even on a rainy day And I can find your halo Guides me to wherever you fall If you need a hand to hold I'll come running, because You and I won't part till we die You should know We see eye to eye, heart to heart  Ohoohoohoooo - sometimes Ohoohoohoooo - sometimes Ohoohoohoooo - sometimes Ohoohoohoooo  Wherever you fall If you need a hand to hold I'll come running, because You and I won't part till we die You should know We see eye to eye, heart to heart 
You call me out upon the waters The great unknown where feet may fail And there I find You in the mystery In oceans deep My faith will stand  And I will call upon Your name And keep my eyes above the waves When oceans rise My soul will rest in Your embrace For I am Yours and You are mine  Your grace abounds in deepest waters Your sovereign hand Will be my guide Where feet may fail and fear surrounds me You've never failed and You won't start now  So I will call upon Your name And keep my eyes above the waves When oceans rise My soul will rest in Your embrace For I am Yours and You are mine  Spirit lead me where my trust is without borders Let me walk upon the waters Wherever You would call me Take me deeper than my feet could ever wander And my faith will be made stronger In the presence of my Savior (X6)  I will call upon Your Name Keep my eyes above the waves My soul will rest in Your embrace I am Yours and You are mine 
2 AM and she calls me 'cause I'm still awake "Can you help me unravel my latest mistake? I don't love him, Winter just wasn't my season."  Yeah we walk through the door so accusing their eyes Like they have any right at all to criticize Hypocrites you're all here for the very same reason  'Cause you can't jump the track we're like cars on a cable And, life's like an hourglass glued to the table No one can find the rewind button girl So cradle your head in your hands  And breathe, just breathe Oh-oh breathe, just breathe  May he turned 21 on the base at Fort Bliss "Just a day," he said down to the flask in his fist "Ain't been sober, since maybe October of last year."  Here in town you can tell he's been down for a while But my God it's so beautiful, when the boy smiles Wanna hold him, maybe I'll just sing about it  'Cause you can't jump the track we're like cars on a cable And, life's like an hourglass glued to the table No one can find the rewind button boys So cradle your head in your hands  And breathe, just breathe Oh, breathe, just breathe  "There's a light at each end of this tunnel!" you shout 'Cause you're just as far in as you'll ever be out And these mistakes you've made you'll just make them again If you only try turning around  2 AM and I'm still awake writing a song If I get it all down on paper, it's no longer Inside of me, threatenin' the life it belongs to  And I feel like I'm naked in front of the crowd 'Cause these words are my diary, screamin' out loud And I know that you'll use them, however you want to  But you can't jump the track we're like cars on a cable And life's like an hourglass glued to the table No one can find the rewind button now Sing it if you understand  And breathe, just breathe Oh, breathe, just breathe  Oh breathe, just breathe Oh breathe, just breathe 
I can hold my breath I can bite my tongue I can stay awake for days If that's what you want Be your number one  I can fake a smile I can force a laugh I can dance and play the part If that's what you ask Give you all I am  I can do it I can do it I can do it  But I'm only human And I bleed when I fall down I'm only human And I crash and I break down Your words in my head, knives in my heart You build me up and then I fall apart 'Cause I'm only human  I can turn it on Be a good machine I can hold the weight of worlds If that's what you need Be your everything  I can do it I can do it I'll get through it  But I'm only human And I bleed when I fall down I'm only human And I crash and I break down Your words in my head, knives in my heart You build me up and then I fall apart 'Cause I'm only human  I'm only human I'm only human Just a little human  I can take so much Till I've had enough  'Cause I'm only human And I bleed when I fall down I'm only human And I crash and I break down Your words in my head, knives in my heart You build me up and then I fall apart 'Cause I'm only human 
My heart is paralyzed My head was over-sized I'll take the high road like I should  You said it's meant to be That it's not you, it's me You're leaving now for my own good  That's cool, but if my friends ask where you are I'm gonna say  She went down in an airplane Fried getting suntanned Fell in a cement mixer full of quicksand Help me, help me, I'm no good at goodbyes!  She met a shark underwater Fell and no one caught her I returned everything I ever bought her Help me, help me, I'm all out of lies And ways to say goodbye  My pride still feels the sting You were my everything Someday I'll find a love like yours (a love like yours)  She'll think I'm Superman Not super minivan How could you leave on Yom Kippur?  That's cool, but if my friends ask where you are I'm gonna say  She was caught in a mudslide Eaten by a lion Got run over by a crappy purple Scion Help me, help me, I'm no good at goodbyes!  She dried up in the desert Drowned in a hot tub Danced to death at an eastside nightclub Help me, help me, I'm all out of lies And ways to say goodbye  I wanna live a thousand lives with you I wanna be the one you're dying to... love But you don't want to  That's cool, but if my friends ask where you are I'm gonna say That's cool, but if my friends ask where you are I'm gonna say  She went down in an airplane Fried getting suntanned Fell in a cement mixer full of quicksand Help me, help me, I'm no good at goodbyes!  She met a shark underwater Fell and no one caught her I returned everything I ever bought her Help me, help me, I'm all out of lies!  She was caught in a mudslide Eaten by a lion Got run over by a crappy purple Scion Help me, help me, I'm no good at goodbyes!  She dried up in the desert Drowned in a hot tub Danced to death at an eastside nightclub Help me, help me, I'm all out of lies And ways to say goodbye 
I sat quiet on the floor, Till you came through the classroom door, And took my hand and led me out to play.  We ran past my old playground, So caught up in this game we found, I couldn't catch my world fade away.  I'm in preschool compared to you, And I just learned how to tie my shoes, And I'm sitting on the purlieu (outskirts) of this life.  When you put your lips on mine, My eyes were healed from being blind. You trapped my heart inside your silky kiss.  But one day I made you yawn, And as quick as you came you were gone. I shoulda known that it would come to this.  'Cause I'm in preschool compared to you, And I just learned how to tie my shoes, And I'm sitting on the purlieu of this life.  Preschool is left far behind, You broke the sands of time. And I can never go back.  I'm in preschool compared to you, And I just learned how to tie my shoes, And I'm sitting on the purlieu of this life.  I'm in preschool compared to you, And I just learned how to tie my shoes, And I'm sitting on the purlieu of this life. 
(Goo Goo Dolls Sample) Don't want the world to see me Don't think that they'd understand Everything's meant to be broken Want you to know who I am  (Lil B - Verse 1) My lifetime came from struggle All I've seen is what I follow My skin color, automatic transaction I'm already classified, no second chance Taught to feel nappy hands, little grade Why can't I sag when it's just a style Little beard, black hoodie, and I'm all good People judge before they even know me Stare at me, don't know I'm lonely Outside's from these stares from police And I get the bad rap because another man that just looks like me Think life's a movie like Spike Lee Too cool like Ice T Yeah, I move with Life's Peace, and he move with the gun piece So there's no peace I gotta go to the hood, all I see is Divided, the freshest schizophrenics Men pimping women, people losing vision Given choices before she started living I hate myself  (Lil B - Hook) I see myself in the mirror, but I don't see nothing If you understand what I'm seeing please tell me something When you black, the media make you wonder why I just need my history, because I hate myself  (Lil B - Verse 2) It makes me sad to see pimping like I'm at a battle with my surroundings Everybody do it, but not really And I couldn't imagine my momma Universal knowledge is karma I see young girls hanging off the corner And they searching for love in the wrong space Gave her mind to a pimp, now he's changing faces Sometimes I just wish I could trade places I hate myself for being taught the roots of the hood Which don't matter, no respect and no love That got jailed for the real thugs And I'm sorry to all the innocent in prison You get a second chance when you free or in heaven I promise if you really love and you watch your steps Respect everybody, man you will get blessed Get your point across without violence The black dying by the gun, I'm tired of crying I hate myself  (Lil B - Hook 2) For real man, this been in my heart for a long time And if you understand, please tell me something When you black, the media make you wonder why  (Lil B - Verse 3) I'm ready to give up my old thoughts I'mma move past what I saw I'mma do what I want and be happy I'm not gon' rob or kill to survive Everything I've seen was a lie I'm not ready to die, I love myself I said... Everything that I've seen was a lie I'm not ready to die, I love myself Break that mental  You know we are free now man Break that, uh, mental blockage Don't think too hard, free your mind   Lyrics taken from rapgenius.com. 
I drove by all the places we used to hang out getting wasted I thought about our last kiss, how it felt the way you tasted And even know your friends tell me you're doing fine Are you somewhere feeling lonely even know he's right beside you? When he says those words that hurt you, do you read the ones I wrote you?  Sometimes I start to wonder, was it just a lie? If what we had was real, how could you be fine?  'Cause I'm not fine at all  I remember the day you told me you were leaving I remember the makeup running down your face And the dreams you left behind, you didn't need them Like every single wish we ever made I wish that I could wake up with amnesia And forget about the stupid little things Like the way it felt to fall asleep next to you And the memories I never can escape 'Cause I'm not fine at all  The pictures that you sent me, they're still living in my phone I'll admit I like to see them, I'll admit I feel alone All my friends keep asking why I'm not around It hurts to know you're happy and it hurts that you've moved on It's hard to hear your name when I haven't seen you in so long  It's like we never happened, was it just a lie? If what we had was real, how could you be fine?  'Cause I'm not fine at all  I remember the day you told me you were leaving I remember the makeup running down your face And the dreams you left behind, you didn't need them Like every single wish we ever made I wish that I could wake up with amnesia And forget about the stupid little things Like the way it felt to fall asleep next to you And the memories I never can escape  If today I woke up with you right beside me Like all of this was just some twisted dream I'd hold you closer than I ever did before And you'd never sleep away And you'd never hear me say  I remember the day you told me you were leaving I remember the makeup running down your face And the dreams you left behind, you didn't need them Like every single wish we ever made I wish that I could wake up with amnesia And forget about the stupid little things Like the way it felt to fall asleep next to you And the memories I never can escape 'Cause I'm not fine at all  No I'm really not fine at all Tell me this is just a dream 'Cause I'm really not fine at all 
Bro's on your block with that Glock, right now Try me like an Opp and indeed, get shot down She wanna, X wanna You wanna? L-l-lick my dick like a what? Nice! Lick my dick like Lil Wayne lollypop, huh! Hi, my name's Ryan! What do they call me? Wolf in sheep skin  Try me, might fight Fist fuck, on sight Wrist heavy, fat dyke Pop Molly, Mike Ike I got glacial white ice And my bitch rack nice And I do fight dykes Ride my dick like a bike  I got black in my voots My name Toby, like I'm Roots Grab that bat, Babe Ruth Swing that bitch might lose a tooth She suck dick with no tooth My nose runny like "achoo" With that pussy, I got coins Might insert right in her groin It's like jelly, ay Dick right in her belly, uh, yuh Baby got back, yuh Bitch, come look at my tats, uh, yuh You got taxed, yuh My head lookin' like Bratz, uh, yuh Dump that bitch, yuh Who gonna hold my racks, uh, huh 
If I fall, can you pull me up? Is it true, your watching out And when I'm tired, do you lay down with me? In my head so I can sleep without you?  Hey, hey Without you there's holes in my soul Hey, hey Let the water in  Where ever you've gone? How, how, how? I just need to know That you won't forget about me Where ever you've gone? How, how, how? I just need to know That you won't forget about me  Lost through time and that's all I need So much love, then one day buried Hope you're safe, 'cause I lay you leaves Is there more than we can see? Answers for me  And hey, hey Without you there's holes in my soles Hey, hey Let the water in  Where ever you've gone? How, how, how? I just need to know That you won't forget about me Where ever you've gone? How, how, how? I just need to know That you won't forget about me  And I get lonely without you And I can't move on And I get lonely without you I can't move on Move on  Where ever you've gone? How, how, how? I just need to know That you won't forget about me How, how, how? 
Polly, won't you kick in my teeth? Burn all my songs, leave me out on the street Polly, won't you stand on my neck? Do what you have to, I'll write you a check  You tell me my words are a waste of no's And I say, "Do you love me?" You say you don't know And I'll live my life like a man on the ropes When I say, "Do you love me?" Say you don't know  Polly, won't you put out my eyes? Tell me you're sleeping with those other guys And Polly, won't you bite off my tongue? Make me feel heartache like when I was young  Drive me out of my mind I'll be yours and you'll be mine Maybe haunt me when you die Just give me time, just give me time I need pain for my art Take my lungs, break my heart  Just don't leave me Baby, stay here I can't bear to be apart Baby, stay here Please don't leave me I can't bear to be apart 
Bright Light it's a magical night A Ghostly presence in the midnight air Way over yonder there's a glow in the sky So I sit back and I stare  It passes overhead and all I can see A silhouette of a nearby tree Am I the only one throughout the land Witnessing something so grand  Make believe All I can see Fantasy A dream come true behold I say to you  Hang on Yellow Christian Take the time to notice me You're always in my heart I've made it plain to see  A nearing light transposes the sky God's own garden People sheltered in their homes and houses Thieves and fools and long travelled soldiers A candid light approaches their homes Human falter, people bellowed from their homes And houses, thieves and fools and long reigning pharoes  Now I've seen all the glittering light A peaceful warm December night And I can say to my fellow men Sure they'll reappear once again  Make believe All I can see Fantasy A dream come true behold I say to you  Hang on Yellow Christian Take the time to notice me You're always in my heart I've made it plain to see 
All we do is hide away All we do is, all we do is hide away All we do is chase the day All we do is, all we do is chase the day  All we do is lie and wait All we do is, all we do is lie and wait All we do is feel the fade All we do is, all we do is feel the fade  I've been upside down I don't wanna be the right way round Can't find paradise on the ground I've been upside down I don't wanna be the right way round Can't find paradise on the ground  All we do is hide away All we do is, all we do is hide away All we do is chase the day All we do is, all we do is chase the day  All we do is play it safe All we do is live inside a cage All we do is play it safe All we do, all we do  I've been upside down I don't wanna be the right way round Can't find paradise on the ground I've been upside down I don't wanna be the right way round Can't find paradise on the ground  All we do is hide away All we do is, all we do is hide away All we do is chase the day All we do is, all we do is chase the day  All I did was fail today All I wanna be is whites in waves All I did was fail today All we do, all we do 
Everybody gets high sometimes, ya know? What else can we do when we're feeling low? So take a deep breath and let it go You shouldn't be drowning on your own  And if you feel you're sinking, I will jump right over Into cold, cold water for you And although time may take us into different places I will still be patient with you And I hope you know  I won't let go I'll be your lifeline tonight I won't let go I'll be your lifeline tonight  'Cause we all get lost sometimes, you know? It's how we learn and how we grow And I wanna lay with you 'til I'm old You shouldn't be fighting on your own  And if you feel you're sinking, I will jump right over Into cold, cold water for you And although time may take us into different places I will still be patient with you And I hope you know  I won't let go (I won't let go, oh no, no no) I'll be your lifeline tonight I won't let go I'll be your lifeline tonight  Come on, come on Save me from my rocking boat I just want to stay afloat I'm all alone And I hope, I hope Someone's gonna take me home Somewhere I can rest my soul I need to know  You won't let go (I won't let go, oh no, no no) I'll be your lifeline tonight You won't let go I'll be your lifeline tonight  I won't let go I won't let go 
Darling, darling, oh, turn the lights back on now Watching, watching, as the credits all roll down Crying, crying, you know we're playing to a full house, house  No heroes, villains, one to blame While wilted roses filled the stage And the thrill, the thrill is gone Our debut was a masterpiece But in the end for you and me Oh, the show, it can't go on  We used to have it all, but now's our curtain call So hold for the applause, oh And wave out to the crowd, and take our final bow Oh, it's our time to go, but at least we stole the show At least we stole the show At least we stole the show At least we stole the show At least we stole the show  At least we stole the show  Darling, darling, you know that we are sold out This is fading, but the band plays on now We're crying, crying, so let the velvet roll down, down  No heroes, villains, one to blame While wilted roses fill the stage And the thrill, the thrill is gone Our debut was a masterpiece Our lines we read so perfectly But the show, it can't go on  We used to have it all, but now's our curtain call So hold for the applause, oh And wave out to the crowd, and take our final bow Oh, it's our time to go, but at least we stole the show At least we stole the show At least we stole the show At least we stole the show Stole the show At least we stole the show Stole the show At least we stole the show 
Dirty tissues, trust issues Glasses on the sink, they didn't fix you Lonely pillows in a stranger's bed Little voices in my head Secret keeping, stop the bleeding Lost a little weight because I wasn't eating All the souls that I can't listen to, to tell the truth  Loving you was young, and wild, and free Loving you was cool, and hot, and sweet Loving you was sunshine, safe and sound A steady place to let down my defenses But loving you had consequences  Hesitation, awkward conversation Running on low expectation Every siren that I was ignoring I'm paying for it  Loving you was young, and wild, and free Loving you was cool, and hot, and sweet Loving you was sunshine, safe and sound A steady place to let down my defenses But loving you had consequences  Loving you was dumb, dark and cheap Loving you still takes shots at me Loving you was sunshine, but then it poured And I lost so much more than my senses 'Cause loving you had consequences 
2003 Arizona iced out boys Yung Leandoer Shawty Emotional boys 2001 Emotional shawties in this bitch Machiavelli  Bitches come and go, brah But you know I stay Bitches come and go, brah But you know I stay Get my balls licked by a Zooey Deschanel look-alike Cocaine addict, razor blade to your head Conflict, I'm a contradicted shit Peeing on old people's houses is an inflict 2003 shit, this ain't no splitting bills shit I'mma peel banana skids while listenin' to R Kelly's Greatest Hits  Yung Lean in the club for some morphine, morphine Yung Lean up in the club for some morphine, morphine  Poppin' pills like zits While someone vomits on your mosquito tits Slitting wrists while dark evil spirits like Slitherin Slitherin' with tricks, I'm sick, acid trip Makes my spitting sick and makes me start hitting chicks, knitting thick Shitting quick, fitting dick, like transmitting shit with an AIDS stick Think you're gay as fuck like a fish stick Tequila shots and salt licks Getting balls in your face like a free kick Yung Lean stays motherfucking freaky Biatch  Yung Lean in the club for some morphine, morphine Yung Lean up in the club for some morphine, morphine  Rotten teeth like Gargamel Cast a spell, you keep on trying to yell But your dead body stinks worse than my swell Well, lean expels Diagrams as if they were made in Excel Fuck fat hoes like Adele Get my dick stuck inside a lamp shell Get it out with sperm cells and hair gel Swim in Mexico, mademoiselle Point and laugh while he fell Who's laughing now, now that I'm explosive like Alfred Nobel Yung Lean only attracts an older clientele Very well (Bitch) 
Perrie: Just one touch Just one touch  Leigh-Anne: You and I and nobody else Feeling feelings I never felt Boy it's the way you got me under your spell Don't you keep it all to yourself  Perrie: So won't you take it,  I feel like for the first time I am not faking Fingers on my buttons and now you're playing master of anticipation Don't you keep it all to yourself  Jade: Just a touch of your love is enough To knock me off of my feet all week Just a touch of your love, oh Just a touch of your love, oh Just a touch of your love is enough To take control of my whole body Just a touch of your love, oh Just a touch of your love, oh  All: Just a touch of your love is enough To knock me off of my feet, all week Just a touch of your love, oh Just a touch of your love, oh Just a touch of your love is enough To take control of my whole body Just a touch of your love, oh Just a touch of your love, oh  Jesy: Photograph with no T-shirt on Why you making me wait so long? Promise to keep this a secret, I'll never tell, yeah Don't you keep it all to yourself, ooh  Jade: So won't you take it,  I feel like for the first time I am not faking Fingers on my buttons and now you're playing master of anticipation Don't you keep it all to yourself (All: To yourself)  Leigh-Anne: Just a touch of your love is enough To knock me off of my feet all week Just a touch of your love, oh Just a touch of your love, oh Just a touch of your love is enough To take control of my whole body Just a touch of your love, oh Just a touch of your love, oh  All: Just a touch of your love is enough To knock me off of my feet all week Just a touch of your love, oh Just a touch of your love, oh Just a touch of your love is enough To take control of my whole body Just a touch of your love, oh Just a touch of your love, oh  Just one touch of your love Just one touch of your love Leigh-Anne: A touch of your love Perrie: I wanna feel your touch I want it, I want it, I want it so much  Jade: Just a touch of your love is enough To knock me off of my feet all week Just a touch of your love, Just a touch of your love 
Let me hold you For the last time It's the last chance to feel again But you broke me Now I can't feel anything  When I love you, It's so untrue I can't even convince myself When I'm speaking, It's the voice of someone else  Oh it tears me up I try to hold on, but it hurts too much I try to forgive, but it's not enough to make it all okay  You can't play on broken strings You can't feel anything that your heart don't want to feel I can't tell you something that ain't real  Oh the truth hurts A lie's worse How can I give anymore When I love you a little less than before  Oh what are we doing We are turning into dust Playing house in the ruins of us  Running back through the fire When there's nothing left to save It's like chasing the very last train when it's too late (too late)  Oh it tears me up I try to hold on, but it hurts too much I try to forgive, but it's not enough to make it all okay  You can't play on broken strings You can't feel anything that your heart don't want to feel I can't tell you something that ain't real  Well the truth hurts, A lie's worse How can I give anymore When I love you a little less than before  But we're running through the fire When there's nothing left to save It's like chasing the very last train When we both know it's too late (too late)  You can't play on broken strings You can't feel anything that your heart don't want to feel I can't tell you something that ain't real  Well truth hurts, A lie's worse How can I give anymore When I love you a little less than before   Let me hold you for the last time It's the last chance to feel again 
It's late in the night It's late in the night for a start It's quiet again Too much for noise to go on To fill up the space To fill up the rooms on Sunday afternoon For your lovely ears Waiting for something to break this calm  Send you my love in the sound Send you my love in the sound 
There goes my heart beating 'Cause you are the reason I'm losing my sleep Please come back now  There goes my mind racing And you are the reason That I'm still breathing I'm hopeless now  I'd climb every mountain And swim every ocean Just to be with you And fix what I've broken Oh, 'cause I need you to see That you are the reason  There goes my hand shaking And you are the reason My heart keeps bleeding I need you now  If I could turn back the clock I'd make sure the light defeated the dark I'd spend every hour, of every day Keeping you safe  And I'd climb every mountain And swim every ocean Just to be with you And fix what I've broken Oh, 'cause I need you to see  That you are the reason, oh (I don't wanna fight no more) (I don't wanna hide no more) (I don't wanna cry no more) (Come back, I need you to hold me)  You are the reason, oh (A little closer now) (Just a little closer now)  (Come a little closer now) (I need you to hold me tonight)  I'd climb every mountain And swim every ocean Just to be with you And fix what I've broken 'Cause I need you to see That you are the reason 
Used to dream bout being a millionaire, without a care But if I'm seeing my dreams and you aren't there 'Cause it's over, that just won't be fair, darling Rather be a poor woman living on the street, no food to eat 'Cause I don't want nobody if I have it cry 'Cause it's over when you say goodbye  All at once, I had it all But it doesn't mean anything now that you're gone From afar, seems I had it all But it doesn't mean anything since you're gone  Now I see myself through different eyes, it's no surprise Being alone would make you realize When it's over, all in love is fair I shoulda been there, I should been there, I shoulda shoulda  All at once, I had it all But it doesn't mean anything now that you're gone From afar, seems I had it all But it doesn't mean anything since you're gone  I know I push you away What can I do that will say how I love Take these material things They don't mean nothing It's you that I want  All at once, I had it all But it doesn't mean anything now that you're gone From afar, seems I had it all But it doesn't mean anything since you're gone (I shoulda been there, I should been there, I shoulda shoulda)  All at once, I had it all But it doesn't mean anything now that you're gone From afar, seems I had it all But it doesn't mean anything since you're gone 
I will leave my heart at the door I won't say a word They've all been said before, you know So why don't we just play pretend Like we're not scared of what is coming next Or scared of having nothing left  Look, don't get me wrong I know there is no tomorrow All I ask is  If this is my last night with you Hold me like I'm more than just a friend Give me a memory I can use Take me by the hand while we do what lovers do It matters how this ends 'Cause what if I never love again?  I don't need your honesty It's already in your eyes And I'm sure my eyes, they speak for me No one knows me like you do And since you're the only one that matters Tell me who do I run to?  Look, don't get me wrong I know there is no tomorrow All I ask is  If this is my last night with you Hold me like I'm more than just a friend Give me a memory I can use Take me by the hand while we do what lovers do It matters how this ends 'Cause what if I never love again?  Let this be our lesson in love Let this be the way we remember us I don't wanna be cruel or vicious And I ain't asking for forgiveness All I ask is  If this is my last night with you Hold me like I'm more than just a friend Give me a memory I can use Take me by the hand while we do what lovers do It matters how this ends 'Cause what if I never love again? 
You said one day I would catch a break And said it like it was the flu You said one day I would celebrate The day I fell in love with you  So I told you you should grieve the night And mourn the stars above That those who hate Los Angeles Have never been in love  No day, no time No witnesses, no crime  So I'll leave matches in our hotel room I hope to burn away the sight of you And as the sun sets over Hollywood I have nothing else to do  So I wrote down a list of all the things We've never spoken of And I wrote, "Man, I hate Los Angeles." And I've never been in love  No day, no time No witnesses, no crime 
I promise that one day I'll be around  I'll keep you safe, I'll keep you sound  Right now it's pretty crazy  And I don't know how to stop or slow it down   Hey I know there are some things  We need to talk about  And I can't stay  So let me hold you for a little longer now   Take a piece of my heart  And make it all your own  So when we are apart  You'll never be alone You'll never be alone  You'll never be alone  When you miss me close your eyes  I may be far, but never gone  When you fall asleep tonight,  Just remember that we lay  Under the same stars   Hey I know there are some things  We need to talk about  And I can't stay  So let me hold you for a little longer now   Take a piece of my heart  And make it all your own  So when we are apart  You'll never be alone You'll never be alone  You'll never be alone You'll never be alone You'll never be alone You'll never be alone You'll never be alone You'll never be alone  Take a piece of my heart  And make it all your own  So when we are apart  You'll never be alone You'll never be alone 
Dreams are like angels They keep bad at bay Love is the light Scaring darkness away I'm so in love with you Make love your goal  The power of love A force from above Cleaning my soul Flame on burn desire Love with tongues of fire Purge the soul Make love your goal  I'll protect you from the hooded claw Keep the vampires from your door When the chips are down I'll be around With my undying death-defying love for you Envy will hurt itself Let yourself be beautiful Sparkling like flowers and pearls and pretty girls Love is like an energy Rushing in, rushing inside of me, hmm  The power of love A force from above Cleaning my soul Flame on burn desire Love with tongues of fire Purge the soul Make love your goal  This time we go sublime Lovers entwined, define divine Love is danger, love is pleasure Love is pure, the only treasure I'm so in love with you Make love your goal  The power of love A force from above Cleaning my soul The power of love A force from above A sky scraping dove  Flame on burn desire Love with tongues of fire Purge the soul Make love your goal  Make love your goal 
Her we are again Awake at 5 AM I didn't mean a word I said  Can we just pretend? I can take it back Change the way the story ends  I remember when Things were simple then Didn't always hurt this way  I would fall asleep You would carry me You would take my fears away  Am I messed up? Forever flawed? Beyond repair? But forever yours  All my life All I ever did was try and try I never meant to be your problem child Your problem child  I don't know why Always found a way to make you cry I never meant to be your problem child Your problem child  When you look at me I wonder if you see All the things you thought I could  Or all the crazy nights All the stupid fights All the tears that filled our eyes 
Broken bottles in the hotel lobby Seems to me like I'm just scared of never feeling it again I know it's crazy to believe in silly things But it's not that easy  I remember it now, it takes me back to when it all first started But I've only got myself to blame for it, and I accept it now It's time to let it go, go out and start again But it's not that easy  But I've got high hopes, it takes me back to when we started High hopes, when you let it go, go out and start again High hopes, oh, when it all comes to an end But the world keeps spinning around  And in my dreams, I meet the ghosts of all the people who have come and gone Memories, they seem to show up so quick but they leave you far too soon Naive, I was just staring at the barrel of a gun And I do believe  Believe I've got high hopes It takes me back to when we started High hopes, when you let it go, go out and start again High hopes, oh, when it all comes to an end But the world keeps spinning And the world keeps spinning around  High hopes, it takes me back to when we started High hopes, when you let it go, go out and start again High hopes, oh, And the world keeps spinning Ooh, yeah this world keeps spinning  How this world keeps spinning around 
You there? You better off here You there? You better off here  Funny it takes no time Don't fall back down Funny it takes a time To get back on  You there? You better off here You there? You better off here...  Funny it takes no time Don't fall back down Funny it takes a time To get back on  Cover your eyes Cover your eyes There's no sun where is Your direction Cover your eyes Cover your eyes Ask yourself Where is my reflection? Cover your eyes Cover your eyes There's no sun where is Your direction Cover your eyes Cover your eyes Ask yourself Where is my reflection? 
One foot onto the ice I hold my breath and try to believe Can I look at you with different eyes Like the girl that I was when I was seventeen  The fallen empires the shattered glass The wicked echoes of my past I've seen it all before That's why I'm asking  Will you still be here tomorrow? Or will you leave in the dead of the night? So your waves don't crash around me I'm staying one step ahead of the tide  Will you leave me lost in my shadows? Or will you pull me into your light? Teach me how to be loved Teach me how to be loved  I got caught up in a daze of the wine and roses Such a sweet escape but I watched it all slip away Like running water through my hands Raining on this picture land  Will you still be here tomorrow? Or will you leave in the dead of the night? So your waves don't crash around me I'm staying one step ahead of the tide  Will you leave me lost in my shadows? Or will you pull me into your light? Teach me how to be loved  Can I give myself just one more second chance And put my trust in love? Please don't hurt me If I make myself like a feather in your hand And put my trust in love, please don't hurt me   Will you still be here tomorrow? Or will you leave in the dead of the night? So your waves don't crash around me I'm staying one step ahead of the tide  Will you leave me lost in my shadows? Or will you pull me into your light? Teach me how to be loved Teach me how to be loved 
I've conjured up a plan, as a sentimental man, to destroy our things in style. It involves our belongings in a pile, some lighter fluid and a smile, and some matches with "Chicago" inscribed on every stick. Strangers could see the flames for miles -- from any highway or any hilltop -- and we'd pass out as the smoke billows and spills into our young lungs. With what strength that we'd have left we'd save each others final breaths for a distressed phone call to 9-1-1 and in minutes they'd arrive, horrified at what they might find. It'd be you and I (and a pile of ashes) hand in hand and in each others arms... but it's not that bad. They revived me on the scene (and took my temperature and pulse) and while the handsome paramedic gave you mouth-to-mouth, I bit my tongue in hopes they could save your life. Just you and I (and a pile of ashes) hand in hand and in each others arms. In a week when we look back, we'll be bandaged up, but laugh it off. Your skin might be thicker and my stuff, it might be gone, but we'll have crammed everything we need in this song. We'll have everything we'd need inside this song. Just you and I (and a pile of ashes) hand in hand and in each others arms. 
Walking down 29th and park I saw you in another's arm Only a month we've been apart You look happier Saw you walk inside a bar He said something to make you laugh I saw that both your smiles were twice as wide as ours Yeah, you look happier, you do  Ain't nobody hurt you like I hurt you But ain't nobody love you like I do Promise that I will not take it personal, baby If you're moving on with someone new  'Cause baby you look happier, you do My friends told me one day I'll feel it too And until then I'll smile to hide the truth That I know I was happier with you (Hey yeah, hey yeah, hey yeah)  Sat on the corner of the room Everything's reminding me of you Nursing an empty bottle and telling myself You're happier, aren't you? (Hey yeah, hey yeah)  Oh, ain't nobody hurt you like I hurt you (Hey yeah, hey yeah) But ain't nobody need you like I do (hey yeah, hey yeah) I know that there's others that deserve you (hey yeah, hey yeah) But my darling, I am still in love with you  But I guess you look happier, you do My friends told me one day I'll feel it too I could try to smile to hide the truth But I know I was happier with you (Hey yeah, hey yeah, hey yeah) (Hey yeah, hey yeah, hey yeah) (Hey yeah, hey yeah, hey yeah) (Hey yeah, hey yeah, hey yeah)  'Cause baby, you look happier, you do I knew one day you'd fall for someone new But if he breaks your heart like lovers do Just know that I'll be waiting here for you 
You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch)  You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch)  You little punk motherfucker do yo thang You bitch ass niggas won't do a thang So shut the fuck up and peep some game from me  You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH (bi-itch)  Yeah!, yeah!, yeah!, yeah! Well get yo hands up, get yo hands up Got damn it motherfucker get yo hands up [repeat 2x] Well throw yo click up, throw yo click up Got damn it motherfucker throw yo click up [repeat 2x] Well what you looking at, nigga what you looking at Nigga what you looking at, nigga what you looking at [repeat 2x] Now what you wanna do, what you wanna do Got damn it fuck nigga what yo wanna do [repeat 1x] Now what you wanna do (you scared) [repeat 2x] Well nigga FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU, FUCK YOU!  BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  Too $hort Pour me some Bombay and fire up that pine Its bout time somebody checked you you bitch ass punk I heard you slap ya woman 'cause she told ya the truth Real niggas bring out the ho in you Us pimp niggas get it down hoe The chin checker all you do is play the role nigga You just a actor, won't let a bitch breathe If she wanted to yawn She just a weak motherfucker so insecure How come she can't leave home without getting cursed out? Everytime you get mad you tell her get the fuck out Put I told that her, I said its cool Get at me Come by the house and get nasty I spit the real game I rode her in my caddy when she yelled my name I told her call me daddy Trick nigga if ya tell me you a player youse a liar Cause you never be like Willie Dynamite Supafly...  You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk motherfucking BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  Chyna Pump, pump, pump, pump Let no shots Double glock glock Nigga pop pop it don't stop in that dirty south Burn up the whole block that's what this here be bout Niggas living lowless, niggas labeled heartless Gone see who life the shortest Regardless this whole world to me is garabage Trying to reap my harvest I'm starving, let's live the life of ballin And still trying to find my calling, and make a change Look into my eyes, all you see is pain Look up in the sky all I see is rain Ain't no sunshine, call me a monkey But look I got K-9 bloodlines With P-9's and semiautos And guaranteed tomorrow 9th ward my burrow I represent the scum's Ate the crumbs Now I'm reaching for a new height Nothing but love and we crew tight Craving renew sight Hussle for food tight Who the dopest on the planet BI-ITCH Chyna White  BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH!(bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH!(bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Punk ass BI-ITCH!(bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) You just a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Trick BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Fuck ass BI-ITCH! (bi-itch) Nigga you ain't nothing but a BI-ITCH! (bi-itch)  You little punk motherfucker do ya thang You bitch ass niggas won't do a thang So shut the fuck up and peep some game from me Now you know to shut yo talk it is a shame Cause you and yo group won't do a thang The SHIT that you talking sounds the same to me  BI-ITCH! [echoes] 
Yeah, I'd rather be a lover than a fighter 'Cause all my life, I've been fighting Never felt a feeling of comfort  All this time, I've been hiding And I never had someone to call my own, oh nah I'm so used to sharing Love only left me alone But I'm at one with the silence  Found peace in your violence Can't tell me there's no point in trying I'm at one, and I've been quiet for too long I found peace in your violence Can't tell me there's no point in trying I'm at one, and I've been silent for too long  I've been quiet for too long I've been quiet for too long I found peace in your violence Can't tell me there's no point in trying I'm at one, and I've been quiet for too long  I'm in need of a savior, but I'm not asking for favors My whole life, I've felt like a burden I think too much, and I hate it I'm so used to being in the wrong, I'm tired of caring Loving never gave me a home, so I'll sit here in the silence  I found peace in your violence Can't tell me there's no point in trying I'm at one, and I've been quiet for too long I found peace in your violence Can't tell me there's no point in trying I'm at one, and I've been silent for too long  I've been quiet for too long I've been quiet for too long I found peace in your violence Can't tell me there's no point in trying I'm at one, and I've been quiet for too long 
I remember years ago Someone told me I should take Caution when it comes to love  I did And You were strong and I was not My illusion, my mistake I was careless I forgot I did And now when all is done There is nothing to say You have gone and so effortlessly You have won You can go ahead tell them  Tell them all I know now Shout it from the roof tops Write it on the sky line All we had is gone now Tell them I was happy And my heart is broken All my scars are open Tell them what I hoped would be Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible  Falling out of love is hard Falling for betrayal is worst Broken trust and broken hearts I know, I know Thinking all you need is there Building faith on love and words Empty promises will wear I know, I know And now when all is gone There is nothing to say And if you're done with embarrassing me On your own you can go ahead tell them  Tell them all I know now Shout it from the roof tops Write it on the sky line All we had is gone now Tell them I was happy And my heart is broken All my scars are open Tell them what I hoped would be Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible  I remember years ago Someone told me I should take Caution when it comes to love I did  Tell them all I know now Shout it from the roof tops Write it on the sky line All we had is gone now Tell them I was happy  And my heart is broken I hoped would be Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible Impossible, impossible 
It's been the longest winter without you  I didn't know where to turn to  See, somehow I can't forget you  After all that we've been through   Goin', comin' thought I heard a knock  Who's there, no one  Thinking that I deserve it  Now I realize that I really didn't know  If you didn't notice you mean everything  Quickly I'm learning to love again  All I know is I'm gon' be okay  Thought I couldn't live without you It's gonna hurt when it heals too (Oh yeah) It'll all get better in time And even though I really love you I'm gonna smile cause I deserve to It'll all get better in time  I couldn't turn on the TV  Without something there to remind me  Was it all that easy  To just put aside your feelings   If I'm dreaming don't wanna let it  Hurt my feelings but that's the path  I believe in  And I know time will heal it  If you didn't notice boy you meant everything  Quickly I'm learning to love again  All I know is I'm gon' be okay  Thought I couldn't live without you It's gonna hurt when it heals too (Oh yeah) It'll all get better in time And even though I really love you I'm gonna smile cause I deserve to It'll all get better in time  Since there's no more you and me (no more you and me) It's time I let you go  So I can be free  And live my life how it should be  No matter how hard it is I'll be fine without you  Yes I will   Thought I couldn't live without you It's gonna hurt when it heals too (Ohh) It'll all get better in time And even though I really love you I'm gonna smile cause I deserve to (Yes I do) It'll all get better in time  Thought I couldn't live without you It's gonna hurt when it heals too (Yeah) It'll all get better in time Even though I really loved you I'm gonna smile cause I deserve to 
I was good to the man I loved and tried my best to help carry his load I was good to the man I loved and tried my best to help carry his load But you know it was all so heavy my back it bends and folds  I keep my head held high, 'cause I know if I let it fall I'll cry I keep my head held high, 'cause I know if I let it fall I'll cry And all this weariness makes me heavy, so heavy I could die  I can't wait for you baby, I've been sick and in the mud I can't wait for you baby, I've been sick and in the mud Well I'm done with that, ya know, I'm packing up my troubles and moving on  When I found that mountain breeze I know I will find peace Yeah, when I find that mountain breeze I know I will find peace Gonna unload my burdens, let the salty sea set me free  I'll keep searching till I find it, I won't rest until I do I'll keep searching till I find it, I won't rest until I do I got the rest of my days to get over you  You know I tried so hard to hold on, did everything I could You know I tried so hard to hold on, did everything I could But you let me slip away baby, just like I knew you would 
My life is brilliant  My life is brilliant My love is pure I saw an angel Of that I'm sure  She smiled at me on the subway She was with another man But I won't lose no sleep on that 'Cause I've got a plan  You're beautiful, you're beautiful You're beautiful, it's true I saw your face in a crowded place And I don't know what to do 'Cause I'll never be with you  Yes, she caught my eye as I walked on by She could see from my face that I was fucking high And I don't think that I'll see her again But we shared a moment that will last till the end  You're beautiful, you're beautiful You're beautiful, it's true I saw your face in a crowded place And I don't know what to do 'Cause I'll never be with you  You're beautiful, you're beautiful You're beautiful, it's true There must be an angel With a smile on her face When she thought up that I should be with you  But it's time to face the truth I will never be with you 
This is a story that I have never told I gotta get this off my chest to let it go I need to take back the light inside you stole You're a criminal And you steal like you're a pro  All the pain and the truth, I wear like a battle wound So ashamed, so confused, I was broken and bruised  And now I'm a warrior, now I've got thicker skin I'm a warrior, I'm stronger than I've ever been And my armor, is made of steel, you can't get in I'm a warrior, and you can never hurt me again  Out of the ashes, I'm burning like a fire You can save your apologies, you're nothing but a liar I've got shame, I've got scars, that I will never show I'm a survivor In more ways than you know  'Cause all the pain and the truth, I wear like a battle wound So ashamed, so confused, I'm not broken or bruised  'Cause now I'm a warrior, now I've got thicker skin I'm a warrior, I'm stronger than I've ever been And my armor, is made of steel, you can't get in I'm a warrior, and you can never hurt me  There's a part of me I can't get back A little girl grew up too fast All it took was once, I'll never be the same Now I'm taking back my life today Nothing left that you can say 'Cause you are never gonna take the blame anyway  Now I'm a warrior, I got thicker skin I'm a warrior, I'm stronger than I've ever been And my armor, is made of steel, you can't get in I'm a warrior, and you can never hurt me again  No, oh yeah yeah You can never hurt me again 
It feels like a tear in my heart Like a part of me missing And I just can't feel it I've tried and I've tried And I've tried  Tears on my face I can't take it If lonely's a taste then it's all that I'm tasting Do you hear my cry? I cry, oh  Can you hold me? Can you hold me? Can you hold me in your arms?  Just wrap me in your arms, in your arms I don't wanna be nowhere else Take me from the dark, from the dark I ain't gonna make it myself Put your arms around me Put your arms around me Let your love surround me I am lost I am lost  If I ain't got you here If I ain't got you, I ain't got nothing at all  Can you hold me? Can you hold me? Can you hold me in your arms?  Yeah, Yeah Yeah, I feel like it's just me, feel like it's just me What it gon' take? What it gon' be? I don't even know It's not just you But I'm lonely Feeling like I don't even know me, I don't even know me I feel it too Gotta have you gotta see you Yeah the only thing I have to think about The only one I that can't live without I see you I need you to hold me now  If I ain't got you I ain't got nothing If I ain't got you I ain't got you If I ain't got you I'm lonely If I ain't with you I'm lonely I'm lonely I need you I need you  Feel like it's just me, like it's just me What it gon' take? What it gon' be? I don't even know, I don't even know But I'm lonely, lonely Feel like I don't even know me Feels like I don't even know me I don't even know me 
Your losing your memory now  Your losing your memory now  Your losing your memory now  Your losing your memory... now   Call all your friends  And tell them you're never coming back  Cause this is the end  Pretend that you want it  Don't react  The damage is done  The police are coming too slow now  I would have died  I would have loved you all my life   Your losing your memory now  Your losing your memory now  Your losing your memory now  Your losing your memory... now   Where have you gone,  The beach is so cold in winter here  And where have I gone,  I wake in Montauk with you near  Remember the day  Cause this is what dreams should always be  I just want to stay  I just want to keep this dream in me   Your losing your memory now  Your losing your memory now  Your losing your memory now  Your losing your memory...   Wake up, it's time little girl, wake up  All the best of what we've done is yet to come  Wake up, it's time little girl, wake up  Just remember who I am in the morning   Your losing your memory now  Your losing your memory now  Your losing your memory now  Your losing your memory...   Your losing your memory now 
No you can't say if I'm mad or not Smoking hella weed, I'm on that alcohol Shawty lick me clean the way she suck me off I keep two hoes in my bed, I got 'em turning out What would you do if you heard I got it going on? I had to burn, I left skrt marks, I had to dip (I had to) Gotta watch for 12, 'round my town you might get killed (better watch for 12) I'm out my mind, yea I'm high above the rim (I'm on my mind) You cop it live, boy I got in on film  You gotta watch out where you rocking, shit get real Drink your real, I can't be fake, don't know the feel Gotta take a long drive up the hill Gang too wavy, move like Navy Seals I'm too wavy, think I need a Lyft Chicago baby she just wanna drill The vibes so wavy, it's too hard to kill Gotta watch out where you go 'cause shit get real  No you can't say if I'm mad or not Smoking hella weed, I'm on that alcohol Shawty lick me clean the way she suck me off I keep two hoes in my bed, I got 'em turning out What would you do if you heard I got it, burned it all? I let it burn, skrt that mark, I had to dip (I had to) Better watch for 12, 'round my town you might get killed (better watch for 12) I'm out my mind, yea I'm high above the rim (I'm out my mind) You cop it live, boy I got it all on film  Must be cautious, told the lil' hoes I'm all in Play this ballers offense, I left ol' girl, she callin' You know I hit in the morning, oh yeah she yawning I met you in the club, bitch you know this shit be nothing Oh then I hit your cousin, mhm, no no discussion Sipping on lean, on Robitussin Oh yea I know you love me, I beat it ain't no cuddling You down bad, you suffering I don't give a fuck how hard it get That lil' bitch know I started this Uh huh, oh yea Get to the cash, no layup Spend a big bag, Rodeo Some may ride for the first time Hoes come through just to touch us I'ma tell the truth like Usher You already know how I bust her Slang my chop from Russia  I'ma swang, and a swang, and a swang to the left Pop, pop my trunk Dip, dip, dip, dip I'ma swang, and a swang, and a swang to the left Pop, pop my trunk Dip  No you can't say if I'm mad or not Smoking hella weed, I'm on that alcohol Shawty lick me clean the way she suck me off I keep two hoes in my bed, I got 'em turning out What would you do if you heard I got it going on? I had to burn, I left skrt marks, I had to dip Gotta watch for 12, 'round my town you might get killed I'm out my mind, yeah I'm high, but I'm real You cop it live, boy I got in on film 
Your face looked new against the town You've come to lose some memories Like you I came to touch new grounds  But you want to lose The weight of the wind Rests hard on your shoulders It's bringing you down The one that you love Will never be found  You speak into the falling rain Words you'd lost but found again I see their snaky arms entwined So clear and cruel in your jealous mind  But you've got to lose The weight of the wind Rests hard on your shoulders I know what that means The one that you love Will never be found  The weight of the wind The weight of the wind Rests hard on your shoulders It's driving you down The one that you love Will never be found  The weight of the wind The weight of the wind Rests hard on your shoulders It's driving you down The one that you love Will never be found 
Hello, world, hope you're listening Forgive me if I'm young or speaking out of turn But there's someone that I've been missin' And I think that they could be the better half of me They're in the wrong place, tryin' to make it right And I'm tired of justifying, so I say to you  "Come home, come home 'Cause I've been waitin' for ya, for so long, for so long And right now there's a war between the vanities But all I see is you and me And the fight for you is all I've ever known So come home"  I get lost in the beauty Of everything I see, the world ain't half as bad as they paint it to be If all the sons, all the daughters, stop to take it in Hopefully, the hate subsides, and the love can begin It might start now, or maybe I'm just dreamin' out loud, but until then  "Come home, come home 'Cause I've been waitin' for ya for so long, for so long And right now there's a war between the vanities But all I see is you and me And the fight for you is all I've ever known (ever known) So come home"  Everything I can't be, is everything you should be And that's why I need you here Everything I can't be, is everything you should be And that's why I need you here So hear this now  "Come home, come home 'Cause I've been waitin' for ya for so long, for so long And right now there's a war between the vanities But all I see is you and me And the fight for you is all I've ever known (ever known) So come home Come home" 
I don't wanna be your girl no more No more I just wanna see your face at home Home  You can't do me right So I decide that  I don't wanna be your girl no more No more I just wanna see you up and out Out of the door  I'm not living right So I decide that  I don't wanna be your girl no more No more I won't hide the ways I've tried It's just not right It's killing me tonight 
Oh, how 'bout a round of applause? Yeah, standin' ovation Ooh, oh yeah, yeah yeah yeah  You look so dumb right now Standin' outside my house Tryin' to apologize You're so ugly when you cry Please, just cut it out  Don't tell me you're sorry 'cause you're not Baby when I know you're only sorry you got caught  But you put on quite a show (ooh oh) Really had me going But now it's time to go (ooh oh) Curtains finally closing  That was quite a show (ooh oh) Very entertaining But it's over now (but it's over now) Go on and take a bow, uh oh oh  Grab your clothes and get gone (get gone) Ya better hurry up before the sprinklers come on (come on) Talkin' 'bout, "Girl I love you, you're the one." This just looks like a rerun Please, what else is on?  And don't tell me you're sorry 'cause you're not (mmm) Baby when I know you're only sorry you got caught (mmm)  But you put on quite a show (ooh oh) Really had me going But now it's time to go (ooh oh) Curtains finally closing  That was quite a show (ooh oh) Very entertaining But it's over now (but it's over now) Go on and take a bow  Oh, and the award for the best liar goes to you (Goes to you) For making me believe that you could be faithful to me Let's hear your speech out  How 'bout a round of applause? A standin' ovation  But you put on quite a show (ooh oh) Really had me going Now it's time to go (ooh oh) Curtains finally closing  That was quite a show (ooh oh) Very entertaining But it's over now (but it's over now) Go on and take a bow  But it's over now... 
(Featuring Sadat X & Talib Kweli)  "Still gettin' mine, in the" "ONE" "NINE" "NINE" "NINE" *Sample cut and played in background*  (Talib Kweli) Yo, just relax, take it easy slow down I had this, I had this friend of mine Who just, you know, he was movin' too fast, yaknawimsayin? I told him to slow down, he said the sun don't chill I said, I said still, I said still, you gotta Just appreciate life, sit back, don't let it fly right past you No matter what go on I'm still gettin' mine No matter the year, no matter the place, no matter the time  (Common) Check it, it's like I'm fightin for freedom, writin for freedom These record company niggas I don't like when I see em My ancestors, when I'm writin I see em, and talk wit em Hopin in the promise land I can walk wit em Shitted on, so many rappers it's like I'm in the stall wit em Molest concepts, start rhythm, paid dues, bought wisdom As legends fall my godmother answer heaven's call Preachers' daughters get fucked in the reverand's hall MC's reckless ?I ball? why y'all wanna go and do that? Must've thought I was solo, the name just ain't the you-Ac No mo', still together Like in the ghetto photo wit one nigga in the chair Holdin' liquor in despair, gang signs in the air I shine in spaces where time is just a glare Hold the mic like a memory Niggas say I'm nice wit metaphors but these are similes Street ministry, my poetry's a penitentiary, track is visitation Sentences is life, I'm like chief up in this demonstration Still...  "Still gettin' mine, in the" "ONE" "NINE" "NINE" "NINE" *Sample cut and played in background 4X*  (Sadat X)*in background during sample* Check it out, everyday ha yeah This how we gon' do it for y'all Common Sense, Sadat X puttin' something in your ear Something for you to grab For the whole world, yaknowimsayin, but it ain't free It's a fee, check it out  You squirm wit this coughin, whippin cough Six days of madness and you might throw me off On this great ball of stress that they call the earth I'ma show y'all in rhyme just how much shit I been through And all the place I went to, always played the low It's like a competition, this mission here I'm tellin' you Slip up and rhyme-ass niggas here is fellin you Crash courses, slow down you can't learn that quick 'Cause I'm the dead eye, wit the red eye, from Chi to L-I I thought y'all knew, every year I grew, I'm still growin' And in a year or two I hope my girl'll be showin A male seed, praise God I name him Moses I lead people I want him to, that's why I chose this Now is the glass half-full or half-empty Common, why they tempt me? The king of the simply, bore in mic I always stay on top 'cause I give niggas what they like I know y'all hate that why I feel I owe y'all everyday If y'all hear it a thousand times, it's gon' be the same way The 'Dat-Father, go farther, why bother Now I'm a peaceful man, I don't want no stress You know I'm still...  "Still gettin' mine, in the" "ONE" "NINE" "NINE" "NINE" *Sample cut and played in background 3X*  (Common) Yo yo, some get Range Rovers, some religion change-over Angel on my main shoulder tellin' me remain sober Token nigga, game's over ain't no payola in freestyle In battles, I'm warring/Warren like a G-Child Searchin for the child in me, this style in me This release is like the piece that's now in me They tried to 'sassinate me god, like Martin on the bal-cony Lyrically I put a hit on em, 'cause I'm the style-Nitty Catch a flick at the Liquid Kitty Tryin' to get a chick to kick it wit me till the tilt Told her my Chamber's like Wilt Built wit her for a sec, let her know I had respect Less than a hour she was givin' me neck, yo I'm still gettin' mine...  "Still gettin' mine, in the" "ONE" "NINE" "NINE" "NINE" *Sample cut and played in background 4X* 